Amazing and beautiful place to stay : We went as a family, the rooms allocated to us were connected, they had taken care of that. Both the rooms offered scenic views. Overall the staff were very courteous and friendly. Also the property was very well maintained and scenic.
Tea County Munnar : Nice facilities and good arrangement Staff are very courteous
Amazing services and gentle behaviour : Must stay! Overall a very pleasant stay! Highly recommended for families
Excellent Stay : Wonderful property, excellent location, excellent view and very nicely maintained. Except for food quality stay was great.
Excellent Stay : Very nice good hotel with location. Near market near and clean.
Excellent place to stay : We had a great time there. All the staffs had a happy to help attitude. The premises itself is well maintained, have beautiful garden and good for a brief walk. Safe place to stay. Very easy to find and reach there.
Simple and sober : Location is very near to City and views are great with garden. The room service is great and people are very friendly
Excellent property at a beautiful location : Neat and clean room with all modern amenities. Nicely maintained garden with variety of flowers. Well decorated dining hall with mouth watering foods.
Pleasant stay : Had an amazing stay here at Ktdc. Worth every penny.
Very nice location, polite staff and great premises : Will definitely recommend because of the location, just walking distance from the market. Very beautiful premises gives a very graceful and premium ambience. Billiards was a unique thing, you won't find it in many hotels. Good staff and nice views from the balcony. Conveniently located to cover Devikulam Tea estates, and Mathupetty area.
Good hotel : Overall a good hotel to stay at. Neat and clean. Ktdc need to renovate bathrooms completely.
Worth your money : Peaceful and serene stay. One of the best hotel properties in Munnar. You might find some better hotels as well but those would be far from Munnar town. This is in the heart of the town and gives you good options for market, taxi, shopping etc. Breakfast options were average, and could be better. Rooms have a wide range with different facade and view. Interiors are decent in almost all of them. Place is really a value for money. Go for it.
Excellent location, good service : We stayed as a group. The location is near to Munnar town. Staff are very courteous. Rooms has a nice view. Breakfast was good. Good parking space. All in all, value for money.
Most memorable trip : Celebrating our first anniversary in God's own country Kerala with amazing place, interiors, ambience, food, service, and the beautiful rooms. It truly turned out to be one of its special moment and amazing place.
Tea County Munnar : Excellent service by the staffs, perfect location.
Issue with hotel : Hotel was nice even service plus staff. Only issue which we want to highlight is hotel infrastructure was not upto mark. Don't think it deserve 3 star.
Excellent : The location is good, food is really good and service appreciable.
Great stay : Overall great stay. The cleanliness of the bathroom was atrocious but apart from that I would highly recommend. I few areas need updating like the gym for example but minor areas and unlikely used by the majority of guests
Munnar vacation : It is good place to stay, eat and enjoy.
Excellent stay : Excellent stay, very good food, well mannered staff.
Good : Good stay at the hotel. Good stay at the hotel. Good stay at the hotel
Excellent location : Very good hotel stay in Munnar. Perfect for family vacations.
Family getaway in Munnar : Place is well maintained and rooms are spacious. Common amenities are good and they have a great garden where we clicked pictures
Excellent Stay : Great location, gerat service, great food.
Great place : It's placed in the centre of City. Landscape is beautiful and well maintained. Rooms are spacious and cozy. Bathrooms could have been bigger though.
Accommodation and location : Good property, but the new Premium rooms are at the far ends, and the staff gives a damn even if you request in advance for a room with a good view or in the central part of the resort. Although my room was changed after arrival, I was sent to the farthest end of the hotel.
Good Stay : Nice ambiance, well maintained rooms.
Awesome experience : The best think about this resort is the staff. From the reception to the housekeeping, room service, security, gardening staff all had a smile in their face. A great quality to be practiced by all hotel group people. Food quality is really good. Should try at least once in your lifetime.
Excellent service by staff. Very nice hotel to stay in Munnar : Good place to stay and enjoy with family in Munnar.
Staying at KTDC Tea County : Staying awesome, nice location, well maintained, the staff was courteous, the restaurant was too good, food quality and preparation is also good. Next time I will definitely stay here.
Relaxing stay : Stay was very relaxing. Good rooms food etc. Nice place to just sit and enjoy natural beauty.
Good location. Good food. Very good : Location in heart of Munnar Town. Lively scenery. Room was big. Thank you
Nice experience : Very pleasant stay. Nice location and well courteous staff. Property is well maintained. Near to the market as well. Rooms are okay. Good breakfast options but can be better.
Good stay : Love every single spend in the resort
At prime location : Worth the stay is a good stay, good helpful staff.
Amazing, secure, quality and good behavior : Very good atmosphere and cordial relationship.
Excellent stay : Location, service and cleanliness was top notch
Coolest place in Munnar : A relatively standard family resort at the coolest place in Munnar all other standard resorts are down
Good : Very good.
Excellent stay in Munnar : The resort's location is very good. It's maintained very well and their staff are amazing. We only tried the buffet breakfast which was really good!
Honest review : Stayed in Ktdc for 2days with my family and kids. Situated at the heart of Munnar, can witness beautiful landscape from the balcony. For cleanliness, security, staffs response and breakfast my ratings are 5 out of 5. Great stay.
Fantastic place to unwind : Very well maintained resort with a picturesque location.
Excellent hotel with very good courteous staff : Stayed for 3 days 2 nights, excellent and good hospitality by hotel staff.
Excellent Stay : Location was ideal. Walking distance from market. Food and services were very good. Will stay again.
Munnar short stay : First time at Tea County. Good location, good rooms. But only problem that one has to walk a long distance to the rooms. Difficult if you have elders. Had some issues in toilet as water came from the bath partition to the main area while bathing and wastebasket in toilet was old and not properly working. Another main issue was of the staff behavior in restaurant. The guy who was preparing live egg items and appam was ill-mannered. All rates especially those in government-run institutions are like this only. Wifi connectivity was also a problem.
Stay at Tea County : Absolutely charming stay at Tea County.
KTDC stay 2 days : Location is best, I will rate it very highly for service, cleanliness. Little downside is buffet breakfast as its basically Kerala and only choice you have is cornflakes, bread, butter if you are vegetarian also its little over priced but nice experience.
Understated elegance : Ktdc Tea County in Munnar is the perfect place for a Weekend getaway. Located in the heart of the City, it still provides a vast and spacious property at affordable prices. The rooms are elegantly furnished and provide for a comfortable stay.
Really impressed. Good location clean and beautiful : This is my 3rd trip here. Was there with my wife. Staff was courteous. Has always loved the experience there. Will surely come back again.
Best location in Munnar : Very well maintained, courteous staff and decent breakfast option
Munnar trip : Pleasant stay with family good service s
Excellent Stay : Excellent place for family. Good atmosphere. Room service excellent. Breakfast very good.
Excellent getaway from home : The rooms at the resort were neat and cozy.
Pleasant stay : It was an awesome place has beautiful landscape and facilities are also great. Will recommend this place to couples and families and singles.
Clean stay : Clean, value for money, good food
A night at Munnar : Hotel stay was good and staff were good. Well maintained hotel. Beautiful garden, interior and food. However balcony area for some rooms are not facing front
Nice place to stay in peace : Good children friendly activities and nice staff
Awesome place to stay at Munnar : The best place to stay in Munnar. We loved the following 1. Best location in Munnar town but peaceful and serene. 2. Amazing view. 3. Friendly staff and courteous staff. That's the best 4. Good food in the in-house restaurant but expensive. 5. Round the clock security. 6. Spacious clean rooms.
Excellent Stay : Courteous and helpful staff. Good ambience.
Excellent hotel : Outside view is amazing. Staff is also good.
Excellent location and good food : Excellent location and good food. Great service as well. Would recommend this place
2 day stay at KTDC resort, Munnar : The resort is well located and has ample greenery and facilities to entertain it's guest. Our stay at the resort was pleasant and I can recommend it to friends and family.
Apt location with good facilities : Situated near to the must visit locations in Munnar, with good food and clean rooms. Good stay.
Excellent stay : Liked the stay, friendly staff, good food, nice view. Hotel is bit old, maintained well. Food is also good (though menu options are limited).
Nice hotel : Good location, beautiful property and view Around. Service was good too. Need improvements on food quality and sports facilities. Fish served was not fresh, tt bats and billiards sticks were worn out.
KTDC Tea County stay : Hotel is located at perfect location in main town and you get different restaurants options for meal. Ambiance and hospitality were good. Need improvement in food quality and varieties. Overall 3.5 ratings out of 5. Recommended for family and friends.
Excellent place to stay : Excellent place to stay with family and friends.
Review : Awesome stay in Ktdc. Good location.
Nice property : Calm and cool place. Enjoyed a lot
Awesome : Awesome food. Very well treated staff. Over all wonderful experience
Perfect stay : Amazing location, great room, good view. Courteous staff. Excellent food. Totally worth the buck.
Excellent Stay : Excellent location, great service, cooperative staff, good food it could be better if South indian meal was served at restaurant overall experience was excellent
Honeymoon trip : First of all, Thanks to MakeMyTrip to make my honeymoon more memorable to suggest me the name of this hotel. The hotel "The Tea County" located at Munar is located at the top of the hill which is one of the most beautiful place in the Munar. The Tea gardens near about the hotel are so beautiful which make my day as my hotel room balcony is opened in the front of the hill. I loved it.
Excellent Stay : Excellent service and value for money
Nice : Food and stay is good, staff members are excellent. Very well hospitality
Tea County feedback : Great location and a must stay when in Munnar. Excellent ambience, dining facility and cottages. Highly recommended, as number one choice in Munnar.
Don't prefer this property : Location is good but service, cleanliness are poor. Their towels, napkins are of worst quality. They give us a single napkin for a family of 4. There were three big lizards in bathroom. There are no complimentary breakfast here. They say that "breakfast is complimentary!" but it's not true. They charged me extra rupees for my 8 year old daughter and for 13 year daughter. Not at all value for money.
Perfect location : This property is very near to the Town and has very beautifully maintained. Staff are very friendly and they make you feel special. Food in their restaurant is bit costly however if you compare with quality served in other restaurants in the City its good. For all my upcoming Munnar this property is fixed. Loved the scenic beauty in this resort and spent relaxed time. Highly recommended for those who are travelling with family and small kids. Luxury with budget.
We had a great time. Highly recommended. : We stayed for 2 nights at Tea County. The hotel has great service, fabulous food and gorgeous views.
Trip to Munnar : The stay at hotel Tea County Munnar was a right choice. A very beautiful and we'll maintained property on the Hills. Good room food and service.
Very good hotel : We have stayed in this hotel for two nights. It's a good place to stay in Munnar. Nice food. Well behaved staff. Very good location and very nice hill view.
KTDC is the best : Had a wonderful stay for days. Pleasant view of the Munnar Hills. Recommended one.
Good one : The stay was good, rooms were average. Dont expect nice sceneries as the hotel is in town.
Munnar visit : 2 day stay, Ktdc tea vounty, better than a 5 star hotel very nice place. I recommend whole heartily to go for it.
Munnar trip : Hotel was good spread over a wide area with beautiful flowers blooming but rooms are old. We didn't like our room. Requested for changing it and then shifted to new block constructed few years ago. Breakfast was just okay.
Nice stay. Location is prime. Service is very good : This is a beautiful resort maintained by Ktdc I was very happy to See the standards maintained by the staff. I enjoyed my stay in the Tea County Munnar.
Good resort : The resort is situated near the market and very easy to reach market for shopping.
Best places to stay in Munnar : This was our first time to stay at a KTDC resort so we were initially a little skeptical but the location of the hotel, the cleanliness, the decor, gardens and landscaping all were more than expected. It is very near to the main market area. It is centrally located. Food variety is sufficient for North Indians and the breakfast spread is elaborate. Rooms themselves were well equipped with bath tubs, heater and the room themselves were cottage style quite spacious. The premises is quite spacious and has beautifully landscaped gardens all over. The staff was courteous and the service quick. I will highly recommend to family travelers and couples alike.
Review : Good property for your stay at Munnar. Service is prompt as well
Property is good but poor room maintenance : Stay was memorable. Location and the resort build was so nice. Very pleasant and well maintained property. However, room size is very small and room maintenance was up-to the mark for a 4 star hotel.
Location is quite good : Food is quite good, being a small resort, team was quite approachable.
Wonderful property : Really had a great time. The property is awesome. The sheer expanse of the property and the cleanliness really takes you to pine for more days to spend. Very nicely built. Greenry is also fantastic. Food is good.
V. Good : Exllent and good service. I again visit in your hotel.
Good hotel : Good food but less varieties. Clean rooms. Pleasant staff. Jayesh from the front office was exemplary. He went out if the way to get a few things done. All were very courteous. Will return again.
Great ambiance : Great ambiance, food and service
Excellent stay : The stay in the hotel was excellent, it is surrounded by great scenic landscapes. All the staff were courteous. Each room are very spacious and luxurious.
Good Stay : Best location superb scenery good service. Staff cooperative and good. Advice to improve breakfast. Like to stay again. Also, recommend to family and friends. But good to stay with life partner.
Excellent stay : Pretty good rooms at prime location to other attractions in Munnar. Good restaurant with tasty food. Very friendly staff. Beer and wine parlor is a+.
Terrible Stay : Parking area is not good and wifi very poor
Experience : Even though Munnar Town very very congested, we fell relieved calm in this hotel, resort, beautiful garden, well maintained, good service of restaurant people, very good reception, overall a very very fine resort
Excellent : Excellent place to stay with family. Good ambience and great service at heart of Munnar
Average stay : Rooms are little old. Facilities are average.
Aesthetic property with great hospitality blended with authentic kerala cuisine : A warm welcome, great ambience, excellent property at Munnar Town, room was awesome, can spend more time at the hotel itself since its landscaping and garden were exotic. Restaurant was good and the scenic beauty it gave through the open window was relaxing and soothing at its peak. Service was too good and executive chef were great in its hospitality. Though food variety is limited, but it tastes awesome. Moreover buffet menu were some what veg base and the non veg was excellent though numbered less. Everything compounded the restaurant ambiance with the service and hospitality there. Lobby were too good and feels very exotic in relaxing as well as for those who needs to read or to take a deep breath. Carrot board server some pleasure time there. Permit room looks very much aesthetic in its arrangements. Overall great experience. Well maintained!
Nice stay. : One of the best resorts in Munnar. Well spread in 18 acres and easy to reach location. Food is very costly. Complementary breakfast is good.
Good : Best stay.
Amazing hotel to stay in Munnar : Amazing hotel in Munnar. Weather in september I awesome. Amazing foggy atmosphere.
Awesome stay : Really nice ambience. Good stay. Location perfect Town.
Neeraj : It was a goody stay at a good location. Beautiful resort with nice beer and wine parlour
Superb : Excellent.
About Ktdc Tea County : It was awesome stay in Tea County. All service staff were behaved well. Overall it was nice experience.
Poor Stay : We had booked 1 day stay with all meal plan (breakfast, lunch, dinner included). Booking mail even mentioned mineral water included. At check in, the reception staff told me either lunch or dinner will be included. After showing the booking details in mail, he discussed with his senior and included lunch. At night there was power failure thrice without any back up power supply. No hot water in bathroom. Water was just warm. Next morning in breakfast - most of the items were finished when we went at 9:40 am. Only few items replenished. Most of the items were cold. There was no drinking water so we asked for it. They gave a bottle of mineral water but at the check out they charged me for mineral water which I paid. I was given explanation that mineral water is chargeable. I showed him my booking mail, which clearly mentions all meals paid for and mineral water included. Then came a new explanation - mineral water is free in room and not in restaurant. That means - breakfast is free and not water. By that time we were fed up and left after paying the amount.
Excellent service! : The hotel staff was pleasing and awesome. They were kind and helpful. The restaurant staff were very presentable and served with happiness.
Fine stay and dine : Excellent accommodation and ambiance.
A resort waiting to be explored. : Beautiful resort with a lot of potentials. Great location and peaceful ambiance for a relaxing couple of nights. Maintenance is required as the property is displaying its age. Food is average. The ayurvedic center is good. Staffs are polite and we'll mannered. Overall a really enjoyable stay.
Bad food choices : Same menu everyday for breakfast (buffet)
Excellent Stay : A very good option in Munnar to stay. In the heart of market area. There are lots of dining option outside the hotels at walking distance also.
Pleasant stay. : It was a pleasant stay. Food was good. Staff was very friendly. Overall it was a good experience and value for money.
Vacation : Nice place and well maintained property
Good one : Nice place to stay. Good amenities
Excellent : Enjoying most memorable period. Excellent view location Breakfast superb. Cleanliness excellent. Again we will plan to stay with my family and relations.
Good hotel and nice location : The location and the ambience in the resort is nice. But they don't have lifts we have to always climb lots of stairs to reach rooms, so not suitable for elderly people. Also the path to rooms are filled with grass and not well lit. In that same path I saw snake moving during daytime. So the place is quite scary at night not very safe. Overall it's good, provided they address this safety factor.
Very bad : Not Worth going it's too bad. Will never ever visit not even in my bad dream
Very fantastic stay : Everything was very nice, hotel management persons are very friendly and quick responding, especially Ibrahim sir service and his immediate response and solving the requirements of visitors making very comfortable and satisfaction stay. Thanks to KDTC.
Stay at KTDC Munnar. : It was wonderful to stay over here. The family has liked it as well. Would recommend a family stay. Close to market. Extraordinary staff and services. Value for money.
Great stay and wonderful location : Tea County is a great place to stay with lot of activity they provide like bone fire, indoor games and spa services. They have their own restaurant and beer/wine bar which is also good and the view from these places are also nice. The food is little costly but it is kind of good and manageable when served. Staff here is helpful and good. Room service guys are good and are helpful.
Fabulous experience : The resort is located in the Town very near to the market and offers beautiful view of the Town and Valley. The staff was helpful. The rooms were spacious and comfortable. Hygeine standards were upto mark. The complimentary breakfast cannot be expressed in words. Variety with taste. I recommend this resort to everyone.
Stay for two nights : Power was not available for sometime at night due to tripping. Hotel staff could not produce a proper plug for charging. Premises look ok.
Good stay : Service not too good, excellent property
Excellent Stay : It was a very pleasant and memorable stay in Tea County
Average Stay : Very nice hotel view is also good, breakfast could be more better.
1 night at Thekkadi : Wonderful support by guards for animals found in forest. Nice hotel to stay.
Good service, reasonable price : A nice stay good food, polite and helpful staff, well maintained lawns and gardens, plenty of space to roam around. Overall a fair deal for the price.
Vacation at Munnar : Stay at Ktdc was wonderful. Beautiful location, quiet and clean. Excellent get way place though the food is a bit overpriced.
Good Stay : Great location. Well maintained facility. Resort does not have a pool. Children's play area can be improved
Great location and resort : We stayed for a single night and right from the room, staff behaviour, ambience to food everything was perfect
Good Stay : Good location. Very good ambience. Good climate. Well landscaped campus.
A holiday to remember : We had a pleasant stay at Tea County resort. The hotel was absolutely perfect to have kids along and elderly parents too. The staff are courteous and friendly. Will make it a destination for stay whenever in Munnar!
Excellent Stay : Best place for family in Munnar
Over all a good stay : Location is too good though the hotel is very close to Town.
Excellent stay : Excellent location, friendly staff n nice food
Nice stay : Great location. Clean and good size room with balcony and nice views. Very good food but pricey. Enjoyable stay.
Stunning Tea County resort at Munnar : It is stunning and serene. Like a beautiful palace. Great stay. Great room. Great food. Great spa. Had wonderful time with family. Worth for money. Overall a pleasant and amazing stay. Thanks to MakeMyTrip for a wonderful offer.
Good stay for family : I had pleasant stay with my family. Food is bit expensive. Complimentary breakfast is ok not much for non veg.
Stay at Munnar : Location is good and food is expensive, service is good overall good experience.
Fantastic time : Value for money, spacious, well maintained, courteous staff
Two day complete relax : Neat and well kept resort. Calm and peaceful atmosphere. Clean and spacious rooms with a private sit out. Sometimes complimentary breakfast.
Excellent place to stay in Munnar : Very spacious and comfortable rooms with a balcony giving a very good view of the Valley. Property is very well maintained. Equipment for recreational activities are well maintained. Staff is very courteous and friendly. Slightly expensive but Worth the money. Spread of the breakfast is excellent. Food is quite expensive if not in the package.
Excellent Stay : Good ambience nice for couples
Excellent Stay : The stay was superb, location was so so good and the service and food was great. Looking forward for the next trip. Great experience.
Must stay property : Amazing hospitality by Ktdc.
Excellent Stay : Everything is nice and location is superb within city and its a huge property.
Tea County resort is a marvellous place to stay : My stay in Tea County resort was marvellous and finest experience to stay with my family members. Restaurant of this resort is an unique one which provide superb delicious food including of North indian dishes also with best preparation. Location of this resort is best in Munnar situated at very beautiful location. Staff of this resort was very courteous and helpful.
Excellent Stay : Great food despite being vegetarian. And hospitality extended was beyond call of duty.
Excellent Stay : Best location in Munnar. Staff is good. Food is little costly but good. Worth staying.
Worth the money : Good food, good location. Spa is not that good
Comfortable rooms : Good location and picturesque outdoors, but room interiors are old and furnitures requires some maintenance. Also the restaurant is average
Very good experience : Stayed for a night in deluxe room. Rooms are spacious clean with 24 hot water supply. They have a good restaurant as well which is reasonably priced, facilities like TT, snooker (though this needs repair) etc is available as well. The staff was very courteous and well behaved. Really good experience. Good spacious rooms, courteous staff well maintained resort.
Excellent stay : Food is very tasty and economic bar facility is also very good, overall experience is very good in KTDC resort. So good room, very clean and service is very good, view points are too close to the hotels.
Excellent : Good stay, tasty food, good location.
Excellent Stay : Nice location, good food, perfect place
Excellent Stay : Great place and ambiance for a Weekend getaway, one of the finest experience i've got from Munnar at tea county resort, tasty food best service of staff. Best location for enjoying misty nights.
Good Stay : Bathroom fitting not good. Could have been better.
Enjoyed the stay : Premium location, soothing environment, beautiful scenery, very relaxing and beautiful garden.
Excellent Stay : Staff was very good, polite and humble.
Tea county is good but not worth money : The room service and amenities are good but compared to the price its not enough. Nice foods and the view from room is also good. But the price is too high. Not worth money, room amenities are good but compared to the price its not up to the mark.
Average Stay : The gym is non-functional. It should not be advertised as included in amenities. It's extremely offensive to advertise a facility that almost does not exist. They have an utterly ridiculous and silly method for wifi authentication which makes it extremely inconvenient to use it.
Excellent Stay : Very nice and location is very good. Room is clean and well maintained.
Great : Awesome facility. Great ambiance and good service. Awesome view and hospitality.
Excellent : Excellent food and service, this resort is location in Munnar city, but not disturbance from city life. Friendly staff and good tasty food.
Average Stay : Good hotel But not worth the money.
Good to stay : Good resort. I am satisfied with their service.
Poor Stay : Not a value for money deal. Substandard room for a star hotel.
Excellent Stay : Very good place to stay. Good hospitality. Good food.
Had a good stay : Very nicely located property. The only issue is food. It is not up to the taste for north Indian guests.
Good stay for. : Very nice room with a good view, nice food and very good service. Room with very good view, enough lighting and good service.