Okayish : Hotel is just fine but view is great but to get view you have to book deluxe room or your stay will be watching a cement wall even in deluxe rooms. Furniture is trashy and there are lot for cockroaches in toilet.
Nice hotel to stay : The hotel location is the best point about this hotel, breakfast was excellent, room was nice as well.
Stay at Mountain courtyard : We stayed for one night and view from forest flame is awesome. Room size is too good and balcony size and coffee table which excited me most. Just one concern, food quality is average and prices are too high.
Very good : Nice stay. Nice atmosphere. Very good food. Very good room services.
The experience : The hotel ambience coupled with the view of the Misty Mountain is the most attractive and catchy thing. Really fitting to the name of the hotel. Misty Mountain, total justice to the name.
Tasty food and very hospitable staff : North indian food is very tasty in this hotel. Very hospitable staff, specially the manager Mr. Chandrashekhar. One poor thing about this hotel is that it doesn't have a bell and every time for room service the person keeps knocking the door. Massage service set up is terrible. However location of the hotel is very ideal. View is excellent. Camp fire on terrace is good.
Great location and great accessibility : Had a great stay at Misty Mountains. Great views from rooftop and secret garden. We a group of 5 taken 2 rooms and given a kinda suite for 3 of a family a single room for a couple. Food is good and sufficient varieties. But fiery spicy (Hot) for us. But normal by kerala standard. Recommend this place for a good decent hygienic stay.
Worth for each penny : We started there for one day. The room and secret garden for fabulous. The room which we book was valley view room. The view was great from your balcony. Night dinner buffet was awesome. One suggestion please have toothpaste in the room along with complimentary soap and shampoo.
Best for family : Good view and best service.
Best location to stay in Munnar : Hotel location and food both nice.
Stayed on February 29th 2020 with family of 6 members : 1) Location of hotel is perfect as it is in main road and right opp to tea plantation. 2) Staff courtesy and prompt room services is excellent. 3) Multiple food varieties and good taste. 4) Rooms are neat. 5) Hotel roof has garden and view which is perfect to spend leisure time. 6) Value for money.
Heavenly palace : Very nice scenic location. Feels mind refreshing. Good mood swing. Feels like we are in the galaxy. Excellent food and service and good quality staffs.
Average Stay : Spa therapist are good experienced persons. Food and beverage colleagues are friendly.
Nice : Very nice hotel, food was also good, staff behavior good.
Good stay : Best location in Munnar. View from hotel is good.
More attention of management : Required more attention of staff and management to improve the things. Example- In bathroom shower curtain would be, whole bath water comes in toilet side as no door in bath side. After room clean, no cross check of the facility, because staff not putting the towels and other items.
Pallivasal best viewpoint : The best view of Pallivasal good hotel, economic, good food, good service, small parking area but great Vallet service. If booking here ensure you book for room with view. It's the best. They have a nice garden too. Don't book inside Munnar too dirty too crowded, book here and then visit Munnar.
Well maintained hotel : If you want to enjoy the nature and rare sounds of birds please wake up before sunrise and just go to the hotels roof located at 6th floor.
Nice stay with a great view and location : I traveled with my wife. Selected this place by seeing alot good reviews and it was a good decision. Main attraction is the location. 'valley view' rooms give a nice view from the room, its worth the extra penny you spent. Complimentary breakfast and dinner buffet was also great. I. Preferred buffet dinner (some amount/person) compared to. Ala carte.
Average : Staffs were cordial. Ambiance was good. Room cleanliness was satisfactory. But bathroom was congested. Food was not good and all the dishes were not available till the end.
Superb view of Munnar tea gardens, Sengulam dam and valley and convenient location : Stayed at Misty Mountain during Feb 2020. Overall a wonderful experience. Hotel location is perfect, from the valley view room we could enjoy the fabulous view of the valley, Sengulam dam and tea gardens. The restaurant and food was amazing. Could make it better with some South Indian starters. The bed and bathroom need some improvement, especially the bath could be split to a dry bath area outside the shower. By and large, a wonderful hotel experience and we highly recommend this place.
While room facing the front is good the rear rooms are darker and feel like no energy : The reception staff are not professionally capable of handling the front desk
Excellent stay : Extraordinary hotel at nice location with good hospitality. Star quality at cheaper rates. Valley view rooms are highlight.
Average Stay : Many Resort activities were absent. No music in the camp fire, secret garden was always locked. Karaoke was absent. Gym was not functional.
Cheaper option : Location is good, room provided was facing a back wall, asked for a change and offered one.
Average stay : Hotel is good in all ways but not worth in this price range.
Good vacation : Clean room, good food, helping staff.
Awesome valley view : We will definitely enjoy the valley view rooms. Which gives a wide view of valley tea plantations etc.
Good hotel at excellent location : Awesome breakfast, window view inside room is the main attraction, staff behavior very polite, service is good, their top floor is attached to a garden standing on a hill top where you can have good photographs and an excellent view with rich ambience.
Good enough Resort : Everything was fine and the garden is also good. Clean and the location is comfortable to visit all the places near Munnar.
Misty mountains indeed : The best thing about the Resort is the view that it offers. Amazing and breathtaking. The staff is very well mannered and decent. The rooms are good and clean. Bathrooms well maintained. There is a secret garden at the Resort and it is a great to watch the evening landscape sitting there. At night there are bonfires also. The restaurants are well maintained. Variety of food available. All. The food items I had we're of good taste and quality. The only problem I faced is parking space. But the staff took good care of parking too. Definitely will return to stay here when I return to Munnar.
Good Stay : No swimming pool. Rooms are a bit small, base rooms does not have ac. The view outside window is almost blocked for the basic rooms. View is good for Valley sight rooms. The view from the terrace is awesome. Location is great
Good Stay : The location of hotel is excellent with tea plantation in front and garden on back Side. Very good terrace. Rooms were clean and staff service was excellent.
Excellent Stay : Stayed for 2 days, the food is very good and the room service is excellent. The room is very good and toilet very clean. The view from our valley side room was more beautiful than expected in this budget.
I just loved the ambiance : Behavior of staff was excellent. Total friendly atmosphere.
Good place, awesome view, value for money : Amazing hotel, location is perfect, you wake up in morning with sunrise and a tea plantation view (if your room is on the view facing Side). Good at restaurant was very good.
Location is good : Property is good but need to improve of food
Good stay but issue with payment : Super deluxe room quality is good but no view. Only front Side room has excellent view. Room size and facilities are good. Breakfast variety I and quality is good. They dont know how to prepare chinese/North Indian dish. Body massage service was good. But the biggest issue is about the payment for food and other additional services. They did not accept credit or debit card. There is a option for UPI payment but it is not working. So you have to pay cash at the time of check out. This is not accepted for such a good hotel.
Solo travelers : The hotel is on the best location, amazing sunrise and sunset I've enjoyed both beautiful views.
Misty may be, but not a Resort! : A good place with an excellent scenic view, provided you get a room with a view! Very good location. Good breakfast spread. Overall very good but not a Resort, as named. Yes, they put on a bonfire on the terrace at night.
Location : Bit old resort, 8 km from city centre, but good location.
Hotel review : Cozy abode Amazing food Courteous staff Highly recommended
Not a pleasant stay : This place has great reviews but doesn't live up to it. The only good thing is its view as it right next to valley point. Otherwise there rooms aren't clean infect the kettle was stinking horribly. Overall we didn't enjoy staying at the hotel and were happy to leave.
Good : Hotel with cleanliness, natural beauty, good food and parking, garden, trekking.
Stay was good : It's good place to stay. But the only problem is that it was far away from the Munnar City.
Calm place : Good experience, enjoyed the stay, this was my second time, breakfast have less variety compared to last time
Just good : Location and view is very good but building is old type and there is no balcony attached. Staffs are very good and very helpful. Heater providing all the time. Breakfast is good but need to improve with Kerala food. Wifi not working well. Ayurvedic massage and related items are there.
Pleasant stay : Property is very nice. Only things is that the rooms are not like four star. All property and accommodation are four star but rooms like 2. 5-star hotel.
Good location : Location is very good, co operative staff
All is well : Excellent in Pullivasal area.
Awesome location : Please select rooms with a hill view.
A good experience of stay and location : There was initial hiccups in check in as there the room offers was not comfortable for family of four as promised/shown in MMT booking. However it was made comfortable by offering other room after the intervention of MMT. Overall it was a good stay.
Excellent stay : Nice location, excellent quality food, staff behavior nice, and excellent. Over all pleasant stay.
Awesome, just awesome : This hotel is at a very great location. You can see tea farms when you look out of your window. Room are spacious, clean and have almost all facilities. Staffs are good and mannered. I liked the breakfast as it had variety of items. PS: View from the hotel is amazing.
Average Stay : Stay was good but had problems and hot water few times otherwise room and view was good. Food taste was not good and the menu was extremely poor. Very less choices.
Pleasant stay : Enjoyed the stay with family. Rooms were clean. Breakfast was included, which had variety of options.
Seems a little over priced when you get into their room : Location is good but rooms were just okay. Food quality should be improved.
Perfect location for a great view : The Resort location is perfect, the Valley view rooms are the best, if you get the corner room it's even better. The staffs were extra courteous and friendly, great service and good quality food. Highly recommended for families.
Excellent Stay : Very nice hotel, nice view. Good location.
Good for families : Good experience. Nice and clean room. Food was awesome. They offer complementary breakfast which was delicious.
Nice location : Location of the hotel is very convenient and on the road. Valley view is very beautiful.
Very good hotel with excellent location : Had great time. I missed trekking but hotel had arrangements. Trekking site is adjacent to hotel. Excellent tea garden views from hotel
The staff doesn't believe in solving the problem rather adamant. Seems the management is not exposed to courtesy : Cannot be rated more than one star.
Overall excellent service : Overall excellent in all services and Valley view is amazing from the room.
Great value, in terms of location and facilities : Stayed over the new year at Misty hills. Fantastic location, overseeing tea gardens and hills. Good facilities, including gym, indoor games and spa. We stayed in the deluxe rooms, very well appointed rooms and clean bathrooms. Excellent buffet breakfast. We were a little disappointed with the gala dinner on the 31st. But the ala carte menu and food was very good. Overall a very comfortable and great stay. Definitely recommend for anyone looking for options in Munnar. This is about 8-9 kms before Munnar town.
Excellent stay : Location is very good with a very beautiful front view, buffet is really good and has good variety, service is quick and excellent
Beautiful view : Everything was good except that Gala dinner. Complete waste of money.
Ok : The stay was ok. Noises from corridor reach the room quite easily and was bit annoying.
Great location : The property overlooks tea gardens and is conveniently located on the outskirts of Munnar. Helpful staff. Great food at the restaurant. Make sure to visit the secret garden.
Stay at Misty : The advantage of staying this place is the location. Place is decent, could improve wrt to cleanliness. Food is good, but not hot. Lift sucks, every time you in there, plan ahead what to do for next 10 plus minutes. Overall not worth so much per night.
Hotel with nice location : Hotel with a nice view, the trek from the hotel is good. Rooms are small, food is ok with less variety. Please ignore the spa simply not Worth it.
Not that good : The hotel location was nice. But the food quality and service was bad.
Stay at Misty Mountain Resort : The hotel was at a nice location. Great for staying with family. Had a good time staying here.
A trip to Munnar : The Resort is nicely located at the top small hill with Valley on one side. A very quiet place with plantations surrounding it. It was overall a good experience.
Honeymoon : It was a great stay, the view was good.
Munnar family trip : We had a very good experience in the hotel. Nice location with scenic views. Rooms are not the best but maintained well. Food is very good with varieties in breakfast as well as dinner. Helpful staff and quickly enabled our requests. Overall it's got hotel to stay
Excellent service : Service of the staff is outstanding. Hygiene is maintained. Food quality is good. Therw is no ac. Overall it was a nice experience. Worth the price.
Excellent Stay : Break fast good. Rest all food for room service not so great
Good : Good ambiance. Room also good. Bathroom little bit small. Service also good.
Excellent location Excellent breakfast Excellent view from front rooms Toilets were stinking. Smell was not going even if exhaust was on : Excellent location Excellent breakfast Excellent view from front rooms Toilets were stinking. Smell was not going even if exhaust was on
Review : 1. Dental and shaving kits have to be asked for. 2. Chaos in service of dinner on all nights. Poorly organized, more guests than the resort could handle.
Best in Munnar : We stay for two days. Everything was good, specially staff behavior was too good. Perfect hotel to stay in Munnar.
Good stay : Hotel location is too good. I really like the view from the hotel. Hotel staff and room service are good, but need to improve restaurant service. Food quality is good but service is not good as expected. We have to wait too long for water and sugar bags.
Nice hotel : Nice and everything was nice including room service
Service and food : Service is good. Food is costly.
Excellent hotel : Very nice place, everybody should stay at this hotel if come to Kerala.
Awesome view and nice hotel : If you want breath taking view from your hotel window then this hotel is the right choice. Services are good and overall it's a nice stay.
Nice Valley view : Good hotel. Good food and room.
Top of clouds and valleys : Excellent Valley view deluxe room. 180 degree till the eyes and see and behold breathtaking views of hills valleys village clouds and fog and tea gardens. It was infinity of nature view the best you can think of. Breakfast and dinner was good. Deserts too. Very fresh and variety of bread from their bakery, excellent salats and vegetarian food. Very cleans rooms. Lift was transparent and gave a feel of climbing the valley. Small surprise garden on terrace was like a treasure hunt discovery. Campfire free for guests was a very warm and thoughtful gesture at a cold place. One night room service food was very tasty and prompt. Buffets were also very good. Welcome drink and front office Krishna Das and Jenny All were very smiling and welcoming. Incharge Mr. Joby was very personally attentive to all requirements, amazing customer service at restaurant. Housekeeping was excellent. Just endless praises. keep it up.
Excellent Stay : Room service was good, excellent buffet dinner and breakfast. Beautiful valley view from the room. Kids play area was cherry on the cake. Although room was small but neat, clean and up to the mark. Staff was courteous and on their toes. I suggest to book this place tension free.
Short journey : Hi, misty mountain resort is very nice hotel, with all amenities, must visit once in a lifetime.
Hotel locations : Locations of the hotel is ultimate and food is too good and even staff is cooperative
Disappointed : Dirty bed sheet, allotted room location not as per expectation after room change request, poor response from reception. My time and money wasted.
Overall good experience : Hotel location is very nice, we can see sun rise and sun set from hotel top, rooms are very clean, food quality is also a good, hotel service is good. Actually our car tyre got punctured which we haven't seen in the night, morning they only informed us and replaced the tyre.
Our stay : The hotel is good. Has very nice views. A big far away from City. Be aware that this hotel does not take payment by cards, they take cash only, or Google pay.
Good Stay : The location is the best thing about this hotel, opt for the valley view as it is worth it. You'll get a panoramic view of the town. The connectivity to the town is great as well as there is a rickshaws stand near the hotel and a bus stop as well. The staff is really friendly as well.
Excellent Stay : Reception- good. Excellent- facilities.
Excellent Stay : Very pleasant stay with wonderful staff. The rooms were spacious and clean. The view was amazing with lots of fun activities for kids.
Excellent : Amazing view from hotel. One of the best hotel to stay in Munnar.
Valley view building : Top floor fire camp, secret garden, excellent spa experience, gym and yummy foods, wow.
Misty Mountain : Superb view with excellent food. Great service and kids friendly.
Location of the hotel is very good. Staffs are very supportive and caring. Service was very good. Food quality was also good. : Overall stay at the hotel was very good.
Views, hospitality and overall experience was all very good : Location of the hotel, trek, fun activities make it real value for money experience
Worth for money : Room service was good, amenities provided to us was good and pleasant.
Memorable trip : It's very nice stay at Misty Mountain Resort. Everything was excellent food. Room. Camp fire. Trekking. All staff. If u want to stay near nature n See all the beauty stay only at Misty Mountain
Very nice stay : Perfect hotel with perfect restaurant for your stay with family. I have booked 3 rooms. Very nice view from the Valley view rooms. Really awesome variety, taste of breakfast and dinner. We had very comfortable stay at Misty Mountain Resort. Location is very prime.
Awesome stay : Nice rooms. Awesome view from the room itself. Complementary foot message is also nice surprise. Restaurant/food is also good. Big spacious rooms. Only cons is bathroom is little bit on the smaller size.
Forest trekking was excellent : Good hotel for family and friends.
Excellent : Excellent view of Munnar. Very close to Munnar Town. Best for families as well as couples. Food is also nice. Rates are affordable.
Wonderful hotel to stay in Munnar : Best hotel in Munnar with good buffet spreads, location, service and unimaginable roof top garden and Valley view.
Nice and hassle free stay : Location is peaceful, not in City centre. Located easily from highway Food is good and service is prompt. Overall a good stay for couple of days. Rooms are bit smaller though
Good hotel : On the way to Munnar. Very nice location
Location and stay was excellent : Icing on the cap was secret garden well maintained and nicely managed
Food : Break fast is very good quality and dinner excellent.
Value for money : Good hotel, friendly staff, good restaurants, great breakfast, great location, nice view, wonderful secret garden.
Excellent Stay : Friendly efficient staff. Great views from the hotel.
Excellent hotel with homely service : A very cool 3 star hotel but above most Munnar hotels. Very friendly staff from security to reception desk to restaurant boy all deliver exceptional service with a smile. Located strategically at view point, close to jeep safari booking and between anachal and mattupetty. Facilities can be made better. No swimming pool is a drawback. Will surely recommend to my friends and family.
Very good location. Perfect view from our room : We went to Munnar on family vacation for 2 nights.
Best location but food is bad : Best location in Munnar, fogs coming continuously. Scenic place front and back. No playing area for children's. Ala carte food is bad, they cannot serve authentic Keralite food. Quantity is bad, room is small, bathroom is slippery, no proper arrangement to keep it dry. Serving staff is less. If you want to enjoy weather this is best hotel at best price.
A very good experience : If you are visiting Munnar, Misty Mountain is one of the best place to stay.
Best stay : It was my second stay here and it best one. Thanks
Nice : Very nice hotel, the staff was very good, the food was great, overall all things good.
Nice : Good morning everyone product much better location was nice food was nice.
Awesome views from the balcony of room : Hotel is at very high point of Munnar. During late night, clouds come over the hotel. We feel it like a heaven. Breakfast have many varieties and very tasty. Overall experience with hotel staff was excellent.
Location is good : Good no complains. Location is very easy to find with a great view but always go for valley view room apart from that rooms are suffocating.
Great experience : Very good and feel good the location was so nice, good attention from all personnel's in the hotel and the food was good
Review : Hotel is located in good valley view location.
Great location : Location of the hotel is great. I took Valley facing room. From my room window the entire Valley can be viewed.
Hotel with excellent views of the Valley : The rooms provide good view of the Valley. Prompt service, well kept rooms and decent food
Best location and helping staff : Location is the best, very helpful staff. Room are normal. Food is good. There is no ac but is not needed.
Excellent Stay : Our stay at the hotel was excellent in terms of room, meal and amenities. The hotel runs a buffet for breakfast, lunch and dinner which is excellent. The kids playing zone was manageable. The only negative point was the linen. The linen provided could have been much cleaner.
Excellent location : Amazing view, nice food, nice hospitality
 : It was a great experience. The food is awesome. If you go to Munnar.
Good Stay : We had a pleasant stay at the hotel. The staff were courteous and helpful. Children liked the stay in the hotel. Overall happy experience staying at the hotel.
Excellent stay : Value for money but little bit distance from main area, food is great, room service is great and location is great, rooms are clean and neat, they offer trekking in their garden, great experience, which is complementary also campfire, hotel have kids play area, game room, everything is excellent, will definitely come and stay if I come Munnar, worthy stay.
Very good location for sight seeing : Rest of the facilities are average
Excellent stay : By far one of the best location in Munnar, it has awesome view from the room, courteous staffs, well behaved reception and many more. Just book and enjoy your vacation.
Excellent Stay : Food is excellent. Service and facilities are good
Excellent Stay : View from hotel room to outside is excellent
Excellent Stay : Super location, activities like camp fire is excellent and nice garden on 6th floor.
Hotel property and food : Hotel property is very nice. Regarding food you need to wait for some time to get good food. You need to keep patience. Don't hurry. Staff is nice and supportive
Average Stay : Not value for money. It needs lot of improvements. Just because it has view guests comfort should not be compromised.
Excellent : Room is neat and clean, food is average with varieties of North and South Indian dishes.
Nice and beautiful stay : Main attraction of this hotel is the view of the Valley from the room. View is fantastic and hotel is on main Road only. Rooms are ok. Food is average
Best Resort with good food : Had a pleasant and memorable stay
Good hotel, best location than other resort : Hotel are best in location in all other Munnar. But little outside. Viewpoint from hotel awesome, best hotel at all.
Excellent view : View from the Resort is excellent, staff is very polite and helpful, overall satisfied with my stay
Nice and comfortable stay : Misty Mountain Resort is good option to stay while going to Munnar. It's approx 8 km after Munnar if you are coming from Theny Side. So no congestion near hotel. Food is also good. Hotel staff is helpful. Lift speed is very very slow. I stayed in valley view room. We can see tea gardens from window. They have a small garden on top floor named hidden garden.
Excellent Stay : Very nice stay, friendly and helpful staff, perfect location
One of the best stays at hill station : Everything is perfect from view to location to staff, services and activities. The best part is the secret garden. I fell in love with it.
We had an amazing trip in Munnar thanks to Misty mountain hotel for their father hospitality and services rendered to us.recommended hotel to all my friends who are wanted to visit Munnar, worth for money : Good stay and the location of the hotel is the best in Munnar.
Awesome stay! : Location is so perfect! Best in Munnar! Quality and variety of food items in breakfast buffet! Room service is up-to the mark! A must visit Resort if you visit Munnar! Tree king was a great part too!
Nice Resort at Munnar : I have stayed with my family. Really good. I booked standard room but hotel people has given suite room which is really good. One living room and one bedroom. My children's are happy to play their play area at 5th floor. Overall, good resort in Munnar.
Good location, average plus hotel : Location and service were good. Not much space as built on high altitude. Overall good experience but felt more costly. Needed to pay extra for Valley view rooms even in off season. I hate that and I wouldn't go there again.
Memorable stay at Misty Mountain : Our stay for two nights was awesome because of the excellent view from the hotel. We really liked the ambiance and location of the hotel. The food quality was also good with lots of varieties. The manager and hotel reception was really welcoming.
Not a 4 star property. : The thing which I liked in this hotel was location. Beautiful location. Rest all are terrible. I am not sure how this is a 4 star property. Reception needs to be trained. Water was filled in the bathroom in the morning. Water was leaking from roof. Maintenance took time to come and fix it breakfast area stinking. Not many option available. Those in the menu are also not available. Have to wait for 10-15 min for the item to be available. Didn't even bother to clean the room. Children play area is available but dirty and stinky. Broken TT table.
Good hotel, worth the money : The location is awesome with a spectacular view from the restaurant. The staff is helpful and courteous. Rooms are clean, though a little small in size. You would definitely need your own car to move around as the sightseeing locations are far away.
Review : Location and services are good food is good. Morning sunrise very glorious to see the view, don't miss that and so set also.
Charged extra Rs 1800 : They asked us to pay extra for my kids aged 8 years and 9 years. But we already added them while booking through you. Why is that happen? Thanks
Wonderful : It was pleasant stay and wonderful view from hotel.
On top of Munnar : Staying here seems like staying at top of Munnar, and relax. Every activity available here, spa, kathakali, the folk dance, and folk fight, within vicinity secret top garden at terrace and further top tracking. Full paisa wasool. And food excellent buffet and ala carte. If you want to remain in budget then you can done ala carte, don't know near by place to eat may be it is available at kathakali centre.
Awesome stay. : The property was located in a very good place. Scenic view from the valley view deluxe room. Worth paying. Only thing which they can improve is campfire. Which can be more organized.
Priceless moments : Had a Worth full experience and your service are very nice and especially your foods are very great. Kindly maintain this ever.
Delightful stay : The location of the hotel is excellent. We can very well experience nature's beauty from here as it is away from main City crowd. For eating outside hotel u should have a vehicle. Staffs are good. Also secret garden and play house area is nice.
Good experience : Nice Resort to stay in a budget friendly manner
Misty Mountain : Nice property, wonderful location. Spa is big farce. Food quality is just average. Staff, except the manager, have a big scope of better training in hospitality.
Excellent hotel location : I and my wife enjoyed the stay in the hotel. The room services was good and the staff is more friendly. Food was excellent in dinner buffet and breakfast. Thanks.
Just awesome. Go for it : Best hotel in. Munnar. Best location. Best food. Best service. I Am fully satisfied with my stay and all was simply awesome. Go for it. No second thoughts
Pleasant stay : Stay at Munnar enjoyed the fabulous weather. Hotel is located very close to tea gardens, spice gardens and on the way to Munnar. Munnar town is approx 20 mins bus ride from the hotel. The best thing is you have good travel options nearby like bus stop, safari autos, etc.
Great stay here : The location is absolutely amazing. Just next to real Misty mountains. The view is stunning. Food quality and variety is very good Staff is polite and helped during our stay here
Right place to stay : A good resort for everyone.
Pleasant stay : The staff were very courteous. The location is excellent.
Okay for the price : Best staff hospitality, restaurant food prices were really high. Complementary breakfast has limited variety. Bathroom floors are too slippery watch out for that. Rooms were perfect. But still using old lock and Key mechanics. Overall Worth the money stay.
Excellent stay : I travelled with family and stayed here for one night. The reception was good and the staffs were friendly.
Overall good : Nice location good food average cost of food.