Well maintained with clean room, with great view and greenery all around, good service and great food : Hello everyone. Prons: We stayed at Munnar Tea Country Resort in family cottages for three night four days. It was really a great experience. The staff of the hotel is so friendly I can't tell you in words. They were eager to help. Food was just awesome and price are also less compare to other resorts. Breakfast was also awesome because it was mixture of North Indian and South Indian dishes. Every dish was fantastic. Resort maintain the greenery very well. It is six kilometer away from city so you need transport to hang around in the Munnar. If you want to go with jeep safari they also provide that. I also did spa that was also good. The best thing of the resort was morning walk with Philips. It was really great experience. He will tell you about the spices and different kind of trees available in the city. It is really helpful for school going kids so if you are planning to stay in Munnar so try to make one morning walk with Philip. He will take you the tea garden and show you different spices on the way. He has great knowledge of plant and he also know the history of trees. Cons: If you are planing to go with small kid then there are stairs in some rooms. It up to you. Thank you Munnar Tea Country Resort for making our stay fabulous.
Stay is good but no much activity available in the resort : Spa quality is not that good but price is cheaper. They could have added few more process in ayurvedic massage than it will be more effective. Food quality is good but taste is not up to the mark.
A stay really enjoyed : A very enjoyable stay. The staff of the Resort are very courteous and helping nature.
Beautiful stay : Its a place where you can relax by watching beautiful sceneries around and their own wonderful garden.
Well maintained with clean and beautiful room and garden with good service and great food : Good place to go with whole family to have a very nice time with nature and great food
Ambience : The Resort was so heart warming. Really enjoyed it!
Fantastic stay : One of the best places to stay in Munnar. Extremely polite and courteous staff. Food quality is very good and a lot of options to choose from. Overall a 10 out of 10 rating.
Nice hotel : Nice hotel. Staff is very polite and co-operative. Food is good executive villa have nice view and hotel located before Munnar town. Pool is not available in hotel. Nice experience with hotel.
Best in Munnar : Probably the best Resort in Munnar. The villas are amazing. Superb food and what a view from the deck area. Would definitely be staying there again in future visits
Good Stay : Overall my experience was Worth what I had heard. Also the food and ambience was Worth the money. The most important part was the staff's behavior and they deserve the maximum applaud.
Good Stay : The overall experience was good. They made us the first sight of the room soothing by decorating the bed by original flowers and all. The morning hiking trip added the overall experience more relaxing.
A serene place : Perfectly located and a hospitable staff, great stay, wish had more days to spend here. Team I'd running the property with great dedication.
Excellent Stay : Really good Safe place to stay with family Good ambiance
Perfect location : Very good with best scenic view.
Beautiful place and people : We found the staff extremely helpful. Special mention about Vivek, Mani and Varun, apart from everyone else. The rooms were spacious and clean. Amenities excellent. In short, a very comfortable and pleasant stay.
Awesome stay : We had a wonderful stay there in Valley view room for two nights. During evening dont forget to visit sunset view from the hotel terrace area. Thank you)
Stayatmunnar : Good and tasty food. You should order
Great location. Exceeded expectations : We stayed 2 nights in the duplex, which is spacious and comfortable. While the bedroom is on upper level the bathroom us downstairs. The grounds have great variety of plants and the terrace offers excellent view of the valley. The dining room has great views. Highly recommend the complimentary early morning trek through really plantations with the knowledgeable Phillip.
Amazing stay : It was wonderful experience. The Resort is at a great location. The food is nice and service is also great.
Poor Stay : Very poor. No hot water. Old lady like me had to climb the stairs not only to the room but also inside the room as the bedroom was up and the washroom was down. Inspite of complaining hot water was not available. Inspite of asking the reception to book an auto for me quickly they took their own sweet time and the auto driver also took about 15 minutes to land. In all a very bad experience. Sorry.
We had a great time. The staff was friendly and their service was prompt. Rooms were clean, food was excellent and prices were reasonable too : We had a great time. The staff was friendly and their service was prompt. Rooms were clean, food was excellent and prices were reasonable too.
Good : Good place with different atmosphere and location
Munnar trip family vacation : Visited Munnar with my wife and in laws. Had chosen MTCR for stay and I didn't regret it at all. Nice rooms, good food and excellent service made our stay wonderful. Would come back for sure.
Best Resort in Munnar : This resort is the best resort I've ever stayed in. The staff made sure that we reach there correctly by informing us of the exact location by contacting us beforehand. The check-in process is very hassle free. The valley view rooms are beautiful duplex rooms with everything you need for your short stay. The view from either the front of the cottage or your private balcony is awesome. The rooms are well kept and neatly managed. The surroundings are well cleaned and filled with beautiful flowers and perfect for your photos and selfies. The restaurant is worth mentioning. Even though the prices are a little bit high, the quality of service and the qunatity of food you're having is very high. Even the free breakfast is a great feast with multiple varieties of buffet-style foods varying from local puttu and puri to western pancakes and maple syrup. I would definitely suggest Munnar tea country resort to friends and family and this will be my first choice next time I Visit Munnar.
Our stay in Munnar : Excellent stay. Value for money. Very professional staff very helpful. Enjoyed our stay.
Great place with excellent hospitality : Took my family there as the reviews said it's a good place. The place was amazing and the staff were excellent. Value for money. Great place to go with family and friends
Wonderful stay for couple : Good ambiance, wonderful service.
Nice place to spend time : Peaceful and environment friendly place
Value for money : Very good Resort with beautiful view and nice hospitality
Good Stay : Everything, from hospitality to comfort, food, ambience. Loved the place and enjoyed your stay. Access Road was narrow and bad. When reached Resort we enjoyed our stay. Only drawback is bed room is in first floor and toilet, hall is in the ground. Resort staff are very helpful and friendly.
Terrible Stay : Food there got me food poison. Spoiled the whole trip
Liaction and service : Location is superb and also service is good. Hills view is amazing.
3 day stay at Munnar tree Country Resort : We stayed at the hotel from 22 Jan 2020 to 25 Jan 2020. The staff at the hotel is superb, they make feel like home and great hospitality. The Restaurent is having excellent food quality and service with lot of options for vegetarians as well. The view from the balcony was awesome you could see the entire valley and the restaurant also had a panoramic views. Overall experience was excellent and a must recommend for the people visiting Munnar. Only difficulty is that you should have a hired vehicle or own vehicle with you since the cab service offered by the hotel is on a bit costlier Side. But it is worth visiting the place and even if you have to shell extra bucks for the taxi do it.
Nice one : The hotel service is good. The food is also good. The ambience and the rooms are very comfy and clean. The staff is very helpful and soft spoken. The morning Tea plantation visit was a nice experience. The tour guide for it was also good.
Good stay : The rooms are good and the staff are very sweet. The only drawback I found was the size of the Resort. It was a bit small. If only it was a little bit bigger it would have been great.
Good : Very good service from staff. Good place for stay. Greenish look is maintained by plants
Not good experience : Bad experience, duplex is bad choice, spoilt the marriage anniversary.
Fabulous stay at Munnar : Fantastic stay with good food and service.
Amazing trip : It was awesome trip, we enjoyed a lot
Pleasant stay : The resort location was very good. Staff were very courteous and breakfast is very good taste and variety were very good. Even a-la-carte menu prices and taste were good and Valley view rooms were very good. Overall 10/10.
Great experience : We had pool facing room with view of the Valley
Superb location but most importantly great service! : My stay at the Munnar Tea Country Resort was one of the best ones. The property is lovely and the ambience is amazing but most importantly the staff at the hotel are fantastic. The service is awesome! Thank you for making my and my families stay comfortable!
Stay at Tea Country, Munnar : Our stay was very nice. The room was clean and the food quality of the restaurant was very good at reasonable price. The reception was good and in general the staffs were good.
Awesome : Our 5-night stay at Munnar Tea Country Resort from 3-8 January, overall great experience. Food was great and value for money. The staff was friendly and nice. We want to go again.
Good experience : Hotel facilities is good staff also But location is not in Munnar it very far from Munnar Find the location very bad experience
Location, food and service : One of the best location in Munnar, food and service excellent
You made our stay : Everything at these resorts is truly exceptional. They took care of everything starting from check in to check out. Staff is exceptional in service. Awesome location with breath taking view. Food is good. Rooms are clean.
Well located : I was on an official trip to Adoor. Unexpectedly this hotel maintains cleanliness and four star status despite being in a suburban region. Well located in the town, it is easy to reach. Rooms are spacious, clean neatly maintained. Looks like a recent refurbishing has happened. The staff are friendly, the reception is a bit slow though, especially checking in. The only downside which I could remember is the restaurant (this is my third stay in the same hotel). If there are not enough guests, buffet breakfast won’t be there and a la Carte might take long time. Overall pleasant experience.
It's not a 4 star : Average rooms average food and cheap tricks to charge more money. We were asked for extra for peak season even after paying for 3 nights. Thanks, make my trip we got that refunded but hotel people were unprofessional and wasted a lot of our time.
Only money is what they want : The name of hotel is chosen to confuse people. Don't mistaken it with Tea County of KTDC. The place so congested and the location not good. Its is not value for money and be careful while booking.
Great experience : We stayed at Tea country resort for 3 days. All things like food location and services were outstanding, we enjoyed a lot with never ever forgetting experience.
 : This is a resort with great view in Munnar. Also, staff is very good and courteous. Service is quick. Surrounded by greenery and extremely peaceful. Rooms are big and spacious.
Excellent : It was very good to be there in your Resort we liked the hospitality and room everything was excellent
Excellent Stay : This is a well maintained and organised resort with perfect view in Munnar. The best resort with best staff and yummy food. Service is quick. Surrounded by greenery and extremely peaceful. Rooms are big and spacious with amazing view. Everything about this place is simply wow. Highly recommended.
Excellent property with super staff service : I would like to compliment for the staff service, they were mind blowing and will never disappoint foe anything. Property is very good. Only problem I faced little far away from Munnar Town so, everyday you will have to cover that extra 15 kms. Rest all perfect.
Munnar : Far off location from the Town center
Stay quality : The resort is beautiful and peaceful. Good service, good rooms and amidst nature's tranquility. Food can be improved!
Excellent stay : Special thanks to Mr. Matthew for being always available.
Lunch and dinner was bad for us : Average hotel, breakfast seems good. Lunch and dinner which was not included in our plan (but we ordered from there itself) was too bad and too costly.
Great family vacation : The stay was great at Tea Country Resort. The staff were great and courteous. Will recommend the place to everyone.
Munnar Valley View : The hotel is best place to stay as couple and for kids. The warmth and courtesy of staff is superb. The food menu is healthy and valley view point bis just excellent. A gym facility would be an if added will be Kohinoor in the crown. I would recommend the hotel.
Amazing value for money stay : Stayed 3 nights here and had one of the most amazing experiences. The resort is located at a great place and the scenic beauty adds to the charm. The breakfast is great, service is very good. Room service is excellent with staff available within 5 mins of placing a request. Best part is that they enquire about you taking your lunch/dinner by calling and enquiring which shows the level of service quality and concern. Staff is great and very friendly. Don't miss the trek from Philip if you are staying here which comes complimentary. Strong recommend for Munnar.
Excellent Stay : What a fantastic Resort. Such a great experience.
MTCR review : Excelant food and service. The staff are very friendly.
Excellent Stay : Hotel room and staff are very good
All good : Clean room, nice food, good hospitality and all super
Value for money : Good hygiene, cleanliness, friendly staff, prompt service, good activities. Loved the trek, trek guide very informative
Nice resort with good staff : Location is excellent. Welcome given by hoteliers great. Restaurant location awesome.
Amazing experience : Clean and beautiful rooms Trekking with philip (to Tea plantation) Amphitheatre with amazing Valley views Spa was good although bit pricey Friendly staff
Munnar trip : Good to stay at Munnar Tea Resort. Very good service and nice hotel also staff was well behaved.
Great experience overall : Rooms are a bit old with okay view but the hotel makes up for it with excellent service, great food taste and quality and the activities offered. Trek with Philip was amazing. Karaoke at night was good. Location is great.
Great vacation at MTCR : Our stay at MTCR, Munaar was pretty much good. The Valley view from this resort is ultimate. Fortunately, we got a Valley view room. Food was too good and at nominal rates. Nature walk with Mr. Philip was outstanding. WiFi service could have been better. I will recommend this resort to everyone who wants to have a peaceful vacation and who are nature lovers.
Nice stay and good service : Tea county Resort Munnar is good Resort, good service and friendly staff. Food was good, rooms are very Neet and clean.
Exceeds expectations : This quiet little place delighted us. From the time we entered, we were greeted by everyone with a traditional namaskaram throughout our stay. The Food Menu states that they take feedback seriously and work to ensure they deliver the best, and they do that well. Everything we ordered was perfect, and customized as per our requirements when we wanted. We were constantly prompted for service levels, and treated with great care. Even after we left the manager texted to check if we reached our next destination safely and asked for things they could do better. I stayed at a 5 star hotel after this but the standards set by this place made the 5 star look worse than a 3 star. This place rocks.
Excellent room with separate hall and dining table : Wonderful experience. Clean rooms with separate hall and dining space, down to earth staffs, good food, excellent atmosphere,
Awesome Resort : It was a amazing experience, room and resort cleaned and very well. I stayed honeymoon villa its outside view marvelous, breathtaking view, good staff.
MTCR is a complete nature friendly resort. : All staffs are very nice and friendly. Room outside atmosphere is very awesome with greenery and different flowers.
Excellent Stay : Stay was excellent. Spacious rooms and good ambience.
Average Stay : Overall service is average. Not equivalent to 4 star.
Awesome and pleasure giving : The resort is in a beautiful place surrounded by mountain. Staff was so friendly and co-operative, food was good. Especially breakfast having so many options from healthy to tummy filled foods. And the best part was I booked a Valley view villa but they upgrade us in a family cottage the scenic beauty from the room balcony is beautiful. Overall the stay was romantic relaxing and memorable.
Over the cloud : I had a very pleasant stay in MTCR, the staff is very co-operative, understands and helps in getting our things done. Breakfast and dinners were tasty, the location of the resort was too good, we liked the 1bhk concept, bedroom on the first floor and a big living room on the ground floor. It's perfect for family vacations. Recommend all to experience MTCR hospitality.
Excellent for couple stay. : I stayed here for two nights. The ambiance and rooms were excellent. The staff was too good. I recommend this hotel for a pleasant stay.
Awesome stay : It is really awesome experience in MTC Resort. The view from honeymoon villa is really excellent. Totally it's a nice stay. You will get two balcony both are view points.
Kerala trip : It is one of the nicest places I have stayed as a traveler. The warm and ever eager to help staff of the Resort deserve special mention. The Accomodation is neat and hygienic. The food quality is good and price are reasonable. Almost nothing to complain.
Excellent stay. : This property is very well maintained, courteous staff, tasty and wide variety of food they upgraded our stay from horizon view to Valley view type. The ground floor is sitting area, Kitchenette and dining area while upstairs is just bed room and terrace. Feels just at home. Only shortcoming is the resorts 's entrance pathway from main road. You will need a cab at your disposal.
Service and location. : Service, staff, food, location, spa all are very good and value for money.
Good property with luxurious villas and warm staff. : We stayed at Munnar Tea Country Resort for 3 nights in late August. Below is review of the same. Getting there: We self drove from Kochi to Munnar. The drive took almost 4 hours. Roads were good, barring 1-2 places. Reg Resort, Google maps mislead us so it is better to call Resort for directions once you get closer to place. Rooms: We stayed at Valley view room. The room was really spacious with ground floor for sitting and dining and bedroom upstairs. Reg Valley view, we had a partial view of the Valley as view is obscured by trees. There is a viewing deck just outside room which provides a panoramic view of the entire Valley. Otherwise room was comfortable. Food: Food is served at a restaurant which offers panoramic views of the Valley! Food served is homely, tasty and economical. We thoroughly enjoyed Kerala cuisines especially during breakfast and North Indian dishes were also tasty and well made. Service and people: Special mention to entire staff. Staff is very warm, helpful and attentive. They go extra mile to ensure your needs are satisfied. Outstanding service. Overall thoroughly enjoyed our stay and would highly recommend this Resort. P.S. Do take the trek with Phillip. It is a refreshing walk through tea plantation and Phillip will take you through various flora of the area and give you a short history of Munnar.
Cosy villa's at great location : Everything is neat and clean. Well maintained even in this off season. A small guided trekking available for free of cost. Half day and full-day trekking options are also available. Over all a nice experience.
Excellent Stay : Amazing stay. The location is very good. The view from the balcony is just awesome. Would to everyone!
Excellent stay : The place has good view points and the rooms are good. Food was very tasty.
Excellent Stay : We stayed on 09 and 10 Aug 2019. Excellent property with wonderful and hospitable staff. View from the rooms and restaurant is awesome. Hugely recommended for anybody looking for good property close to Munnar.
Awesome facilities : A must visit place for family, hotel staff take cares of your needs. Their buffet breakfast is very good, they organize trekking for visitors at Tea garden with experience guide.
Courteous staff, tasty Kerala food and overlooking Hills! : Rooms were cleanly and well behaved staffs. But the room was little smaller than I expected or what I seen in the sites. There was nothing special about honeymoon villa's, or least I didn't feel anything special about it. You'll have a fantastic view of overlooking Hills. Don't expect an entertainment activities here.
Service good : Everything is good and ambience was also good
Stay with family : A decent average kind of hotel. Food was very good.
Munnar Tea Country resorts : Resort Location The Resort is located in a hilly region which gives you a good view and a peaceful stay. The resort is quite well known by the cab drivers so no efforts required to reach there. Rating 4/5. Resort structure The way overall Resort is built is just amazing, I and my wife loved it. We had a Valley view villa room like a duplex having a hall, dining table, washroom, small kitchen with mini-refrigerator and coffee machine at ground floor. There are small stairs leading to your bedroom has a small balcony. Rating 4/5. Food Breakfast We had a free breakfast in our booking. They have buffet system for breakfast which has a wide range of options from Kerala idli, dosa etc to French toast, parathas, juice and many more. Rating 5/5. Lunch and dinner They don't have a wide range of options for the mains but the main dishes are very much available with them. Like Kerala, Punjabi, Chinese etc. Rating 3. 5/5. Ambience Just loved the overall ambience over there. Everything is maintained well by them, cleanliness is there. Rating 4/5. Service Room cleaning service is available only in the morning and not in the evening if required. Rest is all ok. Rating 4/5. Other services For sightseeing they have a predefined list which any cab driver follows and if you add any new location they'll charge anyhow. Cab facilities are costly in Munnar region. The resort does make cabs available for you on request. Overall 4/5. I would recommend visiting the Resort for its quality, ambience, structure, locality.
Good Stay : Super friendly staffs. We did not even feel like we are in a hotel. Rooms was fantastic. Kids play area is also awesome.
Nice stay, good service : This is 10 km far from Munnar. It's very cool and calm place. Staff are good. Breakfast dinner food is very tasty. We like it.
Beautiful Resort : The Resort is located right from nature's own place, we had a warm and excellent welcome from the staffs of Resort, I would definitely recommend this Resort for nature lover and as well as the family get together. Food was also very nice, but only thing is that they should have any one variety of South indian dishes, because it's slightly difficult to find South indian restaurant nearby, we have to go to Town only. But all menus in restaurant was great. My kids love it.
Excellent place to stay : Pretty cottage type rooms with views of the Valley. Friendly staff with good service. Food is good. Had a very relaxing massage. Overall good place to stay. Only problem is finding the place. The Google map, though correct, does not show your location properly for some reason. The sign for turn is small, and not visible from opposite direction. (turn is opposite a big blue sign for marian Sea food). Steep access Road, climb in first gear. Best to call hotel for directions when you are near.
Excellent : Nice Resort. Situated in a peaceful location. Spacious and neat cottages. Excellent hill views. Helpful staff. Can't ask for more.
Good Stay : Comfortable stay. But a bit costly. Both room and restaurant.
Very nice resort for family : We stayed at Munnar Tea Country Resort. Starting from their to the food quality and room ambiance everything is perfect and so good. Rooms are so spacious and have a nice and splendid view of the Valley. Children enjoyed here. Morning guided trekking by the hotel is not to be missed. Philip the guide knows and explains in detail each variety of trees flowers over there. Overall we enjoyed the stay and we recommend to everyone to come and experience.
Pleasant stay with family : Good spacious room, good service and staff members are very good. Food is little expensive, but quality is very good. Overall it's one of the good stay for 2 to 3 days. I recommend this.
Ambiance and staff behaviour : That was very nice we really enjoyed. Different type room style and clean. Staff are v good care and respect
Excellent Stay : Awesome experience place is quite good with beautiful scenic view and good accessibility and food was awesome place is clean and well maintained just as mentioned in site thumps up
Over all good experience : I have stayed here for 3 days, it was very pleasant stay. We enjoyed lot during our stay.
Best view, super authentic food, very clean and top hospitality. Happy and enjoyed : Excellent view from honeymoon villa. Rooms are really good. Service is at par
Relaxed : We booked honeymoon villa for 3 days. Room was quite decent and the view was very beautiful. Hotel staff was very humble and always ready to help. Food was also very good. Overall, it was very good stay there.
Excellent Stay : It was a wonderful Resort and memorable experience
Heaven in Munnar : Excellent location. Very friendly, helpful and polite behaviour of staff. Awesome food. Decent size villa style duplex rooms. Day tours available on request. Must stay place if you are planning a short stay vacation in Munnar.
Great place to stay : Nice Resort, good view, hospitality was superb, villa type rooms etc. Good to stay overall.
Breakfree at MTCR : MTCR Munnar is an excellent getaway from the stressful mundane life. We came here for our 25th wedding anniversary and we are delighted that we selected MTCR. Very homely courteous staff. I would do injustice by not mentioning about front desk manager Mr Manoj. Very helpful in arranging our tailor made tours. Food is excellent. Met the head chef too. You ask for anything and you get it. Very cozy villas with free WiFi mini fridge etc. Overall it's Worth the value for money. Excellent holiday spent. Would love to be back again.
Good Resort for resting : All the features of this Resort is good but there is no view points when compared to others.
Excellent stay : Excellent stay. Pet friendly, will definitely back again
Good hotel with good hospitality : Rooms are very big. Duplex. Rooms are not having any view but they have a common place where valley is seen. Spa is good. In the last, staff was very nice.
This is the best hotel I have ever stayed : We went there for two days. Location was great in middle of the mountains. Sine rise and and Sun set was extremely enjoyable. I will never forget these memories. We have enjoyed the hotel and its service and its location. The staff was nice and the place was awesome. Every one should visit there once in a life time. We are satisfied and happy.
Amazing stay, great food and the best service : It was one of the best hotel stays that we had ever had. The property was not large but it was clean and very well-maintained, and we had an amazing stay there. One thing unique about this hotel is the rooms, where you get a 1 BHK house all to yourself with your own sitting area, dining table with chairs, a mini kitchen in the ground floor and bedroom in the first floor which promises space, security and total comfort. Breakfast spread was also very good. And to top it off, awesome service by the best staff that any hotel could have. The hotel provides a complimentary trek with Mr. Philip, a very friendly and knowledgeable guy who knows about every fauna and flora in the region through Hills and tree plantation, which was another highlight of the stay. We should definitely come back again. View, service of the staff, spaciousness, privacy, security all were awesome.
Should stay here : As in title itself, it's a pleasant atmosphere in the hotel and we should try this at least once. Overall good service was there from the hotel staff.
MTCR good for comfy stay : MTCR is all about warm hospitality and nice rooms. MTCR is all about their warm hospitality and nice rooms. Food was OK. View from common area was nice. Rooms don't provide a great view as expected. Don't have much of activities to do inside the property. Not much amble space in the property. I suggest MTCR for people visiting Munnar expecting a Weekend break with comfy stay.
Excellent Stay : This was our first time visiting MTCR. The facility is lovely with beautiful duplex cottages. The staff were courteous, and we absolutely loved the customer service. We really enjoyed the nature walk with philip, in fact, walk through the tea plantations was really refreshing. The staff were extremely helpful and friendly that they happily held our baby and took good care of him like we do. They serve delicious food and the view from their restaurant a panorama is beautiful. Apart from these, MTCR has kids play area, offers spa (Oceana), and arranges daily activities including camp fire and DJ. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay with MTCR and had a great time. We will visit again for sure.
Fantastic people and service : Rooms are duplex, the toilets are on the ground floor and bedroom on 1st. So you have to move up down to visit loo at night. Overall the experience and service is fantastic
Comfortable stay and excellent hospitality : Had a wonderful stay. Extremely happy with the staffs. Well and good breakfast buffet. Have a beautiful hill view area which makes your stay worthwhile.
Superb place : Nice place with lot of flowers and birds. Good location, well maintained rooms and superb rooms. Food is good and staff is very helpful.
Excellent Stay : Everything's gone very fine for this hotel. It's a very nice, eco friendly. good service hotel. All people ar ready to help and comparative especially front desk service. Little far from Munnar.
Munnar tea country : Nice place to stay. Very neat and clean. Good staff and hospitality. Everything was fine and good. Nice place to stay.
Excellent Stay : Location is good. Calm and far from crowd. Room service and staff behavior is good.
Excellent value in Munnar : Must stay hotel in Munnar. Great rooms, excellent food and exceptional service. The service was excellent. We got upgraded to family cottage and honeymoon villa which was a delight factor.
Excellent Stay : Very awesome experience. Hospitality, services, food and everything is awesome. Suggest everybody to visit the place it is worth.
Amazing stay : Very nice resort and very helpful staff. The room was pretty good and spacious. The room had two floors with dining and living area on ground floor and bedroom on first floor. Excellent overall service and very helpful staff.
Excellent Stay : Location was good and food was excellent. Very nice resort and hospitality was very fine.
Just too good : Everything about this hotel is great. Close your eyes and just book it. You will have a memory to cherish for lifetime.
Good Stay : Everything is good, good service good food. Good facilities, good rooms, good service.
Excellent stay : Great hospitality and service. Has an excellent spa as well. The most striking quality of the resort is the view which is awesome.
Awesome : The stay was awesome. We booked the hotel for 3 nights with breakfast. Cleaned duplex room was provided and the breakfast was tasty and had lot of varieties. They provided awesome service.
Excellent Stay : All the facilities are very good and well maintained.
Excellent Stay : The stay was great and spice walk and trekking with Mr Phillip is excellent. Food good and cleanness was great. Overall we enjoyed the stay.
A wonderful experience : Very friendly staff. Nice view. Trekking with Phillip was a good experience. Food is awesome. Took care of small things. Overall will visit again. View was fantastic. Spacious, cleanliness. The housekeeping people used to decorate well.
Good hotel : Hotel is around 12 KM away from Munnar, little secluded place, rates are high as compare to the facilities offered.
Location : We had really nice environment . Almost zero disturbance . One of the memorable stay.
Very good experience. Lovely place . : Extremely good staff, nice location and rooms are very neat and clean . Food is costly and not so much good . View from balcony is fantastic and good facilities for kids, like play area. Activity arranged in night also very good. Location is very good and we can reach near by tourist spot very easily.
Amazing servi : Neat and tidy villas. Amazing view from the gallery. Friendly and efficient staff. Evening functions were awesome. Another highlight was food, even though a bit towards the expensive side, it was worth it.
Great Food : Toiletries need improvement. View from room was not that great. Food and service is good.
View from restaurant : The place is good and staff are very friendly, room was neat & clean, buffet breakfast was good and view from restaurant is awesome. The morning walk to tea estate was awesome. Overall value for money hotel.
Value for money : Hotel is good and food also. Nearest place to get transport. Hotel staff is good. And clam to listen tourist needs. Room is neat and value for money. I will suggest this hotel to families and couples who visit the place
Unprofessional / Insensitive / Inhuman Management : My Review Heading says it all. Being a Head of a multinational company in India, I get an opportunity to travel extensively within India as well as abroad... & Thus have stayed in many kind of hotels in the process but possibly, this was one of my worst experience ever, purely on human considerations. I traveled to the hotel with my 87 years old father, with clear pre - intimation at the time of the booking that I will be travelling with my old father who can't even walk properly but I bring him to Kerala, as he wanted to see this country of God's (... As they call it) perhaps for the last time in his life. No one informed us at the time of booking that the room configuration was duplex type with beds on the upper level with wash room / toilet at the ground level. As this was realized only after reaching the hotel, we made a request for a change to alternate room which had sleep + washroom configuration on the ground floor itself. After having traveled for 6 hrs. From Kochi to have reached the hotel at 6pm, we were made to sit at the reception for another 2 hrs, despite the fact that my dad was not even able to hold himself to sit... & It was a literal torture on his body. After this 2 hrs of literal agony, despite an opportunity to give us the room with right structure, operational manager, Mr. Mathews was shockingly inhuman to demand a higher price. Despite involving GM of the hotel, Abbas, we could not find a solution even on the next day as a result compulsively has to make my 87 years old dad sleep alone on the ground floor on an extra bed. Despite the fact that Mr. Manu, possibly with some self realization of the situation, tried his level best to provide some comfort, but naturally considering totally unprofessional approach by the management, we spent 2 compulsive days at the hotel, as we had already paid the entire money in advance & hotel was not even willing to get us an accommodation in an alternate hotel.
The hospitality and food quality : Excellent service, staff were very friendly and eager to help. The nature's walk was akin to a private tour of the tea gardens. The view of the valley along with shifting mist covers is nothing short of heaven on earth .. The hotel supports the adage " God's own country"
Wonderful resort : Resort facility is up to the international standard. Right from room service team to chef all the staff in the resort was very courteous and helpful. Will definitely recommend this resort to everyone.
Excellent service and stay : Good location. Very good service and very courteous staff. Had excellent time there. Rooms were very clean and the travel desk was also good in arranging the local tour. The morning trek through the tea estates with Mr. Philip was enjoyable.
Location is very good : Nice hospitality was there, food was very good, and the location is perfect. The place is awesome and there are many activities which are organised in tea country resort. Those activities are good and we enjoy especially when we are with family ... The spa and massage facility is also there but it can be improved a bit.
Hotel for a stay : We had good experience in staying in the hotel. Location was perfect to relax and hospitality was also good. Can add south indian food in the menu. The road leads to the hotel was steeply and difficult to locate in one go. The complimentary breakfast was also good to choose from variety.
Location & Service is great : Location of this place is absolutely beautiful. The staff is very polite and include the gardeners. Room service is great. Food was great too. This place is situated some distance before actual Munnar so no tea gardens there, but the view was still nice. Extremely well maintained property. Designed to blend into the backdrop. Overall extremely happy that I stayed there. My kids loved the fish and chips, they just ate that all the time.
Great service : It was a fantastic stay, The Rooms were very good and clean and food was very tasteful. Perfect place for honeymoon. The welcome was very traditional. Overall the service of the staff was very friendly and courteous
Beautiful property : We stayed for 2N/3D in March 2017 and booked via MMT. The property is beautiful although the view is less than spectacular. The service is absolutely great and the people made us feel at home at every turn. The food was uniformly good but the prices I felt were very high indeed given that the same items in Munnar town (7 kms away) were available much cheaper. The property was developed & sold as uniform one/two room studios to buyers initially WITH uniform interiors and is now being operated as a resort by the hospitality arm of the same developer. So you are greeted by a + bathroom - all very adequately turned out. The jarring note for me was the very loud shades of orange+yellow on the walls. Not exactly what you expect in the relaxing environ of hills and nature. But that's just me perhaps. And the drawing roof seating is VERY uncomfortable. No lumbar support and 90 degrees straight backed. I used it for stowing suitcases. The cane chairs out front were grand and the bed was very comfy. The external landscaping around the property is TOP NOTCH... Better than some 5 star properties I have been too. They have really built the aura of the property around this and it is absolutely fantastic. As a result of this beautiful flora & fauna, there are a lot of birds around the property which is so very lovely from early morn through the day. SO in summary, great property & fantastic people but they need to work a little harder on the value proposition.
Awesome Location & Best Services : I booked valley view room and view from the room was awesome. Staff assistance was one of the best I experienced during my stay. Special thanks to Mr. Philip for spice plantation visit. Definitely I would like to stay @ Munnar Tea Country Resort whenever I vist Kerala.
One of the best resorts in Munnar : One of the best resorts in Munnar to spend a peaceful vacation ... Situated in a beautiful locality among the green mountains. The ambience is at its best. The villa was pleasant and gives you a homely feeling. Friendly staff. Good food. The sunset view from the resort is beautiful. A must visit place with family and friends.
Great service and care : The best part of the hotel is the care taken by staff for all the guests. Very nice views for the hotel and good landscape. The hotel is 9 km away from Munnar city and is good for leisure. Please don't confuse this the popular Munnar Tea County resort which is in Munnar City
Lovely location in midst of the misty mountains : Very nicely maintained resort, lovely location clean and big duplex rooms, great staff organising activities, special thanks to Mr Philips for taking us on a wonderful morning trek, Ms Jaquiline made by day by dressing me in Kerala spree. Thank you so much
Awesome experience, excellent : Probably the best resort to stay in at Munnar. We were greeted with a warm, traditional welcome including bindi pooja & garlands. A glass of fresh fruit juice was offered as welcome drink. The property is big and clean with very helpful staff so much so that we asked for an extra towel and were presented with two. Breakfast was included in the stay price and had many options along with local specialities cooked to order. The view from the diner and rest of the resort is breathtaking. Did I mention that all of their rooms are duplexes! The staff arranges various complementary events like a walking tour of tea and spice garden two times a day for their guests, camp fire in the evenings with some great songs playing in the background and badminton tournaments. No complaints whatsoever. The only place I would stay at whenever I visit Munnar again.
Must visit resort in Munnar : This is the best resort to visit. Specially for couples it's really superb place to visit. They arrange beautiful candle light dinner as per your requirements. Staff is very friendly and caring. Location can't be better than this. Valley view premium cottage is the best choice we have made. Please do visit this place without second thought. Must visit.
Good resort to go with family : Overall a good location. Peaceful place to spend time with family but a little poor in service More over no it's far away from the Munnar town any thing we should get needed earlier from the Munnar only.
Awesome stay : We a group of five friends stayed at Munnar Tea Country Resort on the 28th & 29th of August 2016. Location of the resort is one of the best early morning the resort was covered with mist and we had a personalised breakfast served by the ever smiling Shaji Augustine. We had a karaoke night at the resort & the staff (especially Manoj and Manu) were always there for us & made our stay very comfortable and memorable. Our next stay at this resort will be in 2018 when Neelakurunji flowers will bloom (Neelakurunji a flower which blooms once in twelve years). Keep up the good work team & hope you will maintain the resort very well.
Excellent personalised service : We stayed at Munnar Tea Country Resort on 28th & 29th August. Although the approach to the resort is not very good team Manu, Manoj and Shaji were very hospitable. Good rooms and awesome view from the resort.
Great service/people but mediocre property/food : People here were very warm and overall service was great. One of the best hospitality I've ever received. But on the flip side the property is very average. Food was not that great. Never even think of going during peak season, especially diwali. It's filled with people everywhere. The property is very small and everywhere you go you see people, no single place to have peace! Go on a small hike around tea gardens. Make sure you go with Philip. He was one of the nicest guys!
Good place to stay : The resort effortlessly blends with picturesque scenery of Munnar. The hotel is located in a very well landscaped piece of land, often covered by mild mist. The view for the resort is what you pay for. The rooms are well appointed, but the same cannot be said about bathroom. The bathroom looked faded and the bathroom fixtures seemed to be used beyond its lifespan. The restaurant serves some delicious dishes for a very reasonable price. It is quite advantageous for Muslim guests as the restaurant serves halal food. I felt the resort lacked behind in housekeeping. Not a deal breaker as the specular view makes up for it.
Excellent Stay : Wonderful location, excellent food, rooms and other amenities. What makes it even beautiful place to stay is its people. Excellent hospitality!!! Staff is always smiling and happy to help. Villas are beautiful by interior and makes you feels like a home away home.
Clean room and excellent breakfast : Very nice location, cleaner rooms with comfortable of nice view from the room. Reception staff are very nice and explained how to utilize their facility and tour around the places. Restaurant served Vegetarian and Non Vegetarian varieties in their menu. Live cooking for the breakfast is an excellent idea, which our children enjoyed placing orders and getting what they preferred to have in the breakfast.
Excellent...!! : Access road needs improvement as its damaged, too steep and scary.
Poor Stay : The overall experience was not good. The bath area was dirty and room service was not good. We found insect in the morning breakfast showed the same to the service manager but neither anybody got back nor anyone was apologetic.
Excellent Stay : I stayed there for couple of days and was amazed by hospitality. Staff were extremely supportive. Room was very spacious. Food was very good. They arranged food even when restaurant was closed. Room service were extremely good and proactive. We didn't had to call them to clean the room they came in the morning.
Nice and pleasant stay : Nice and Pleasant stay - extremely helpful and caring staff - rooms are a tad bit small but the view is outstanding ( stayed in Room 301 ). Breakfast is one area which needs improvement - same menu every day. We travelled with a infant and 2 senior citizens - the staff went extra mile to ensure everyone was well taken care of.
The staff were very friendly and helpful : We had a very nice stay at and the staff were very friendly and helpful. The food was good and the service was excellent. We would definitely recommend this place to anyone travelling to Munnar. They had Bonfire and get together too which was enjoyed by the young people.
Great stay & great view : Had an excellent trip to Munnar and a great stay at Munnar Tea Country Resort. The resort is situated on the hillside overlooking a valley. The view from the room was great. The staff there were courteous and the overall, service is good. They are also arranging visits to nearby tourist attractions.
Excellent resort to stay : Excellent resort and staff especially front office. Cleanliness, ambiance, food and the service are excellent. Keep the good job Tea Country. It's a good place to relax with your dear ones.
Best place for newly married couples : I have visited Munnar and booked tea country hotel for my honeymoon trip. It was a excellent experience. Hotel services, location and rooms, food are excellent and I always prefer to stay in this hotel. Thank you makemytrip for this fantastic experience.