Rivelute, Munnar : Location was extremely good. Variety and good quality of food. All staff was polite, cooperative and always ready.
Excellent Stay : All things are perfect like food stay and service.
Loved it! : The Resort is located next to a River and probably the best time to stay there is during monsoons or post monsoons. However we visited in february end and still loved it because of the hospitality of the people there. We got a free upgrade to a villa and it was very beautiful. The Resort has a few activities but nothing extraordinary. Has a spa where you can get some ayurvedic massages. The staff were very courteous and made us feel at home. We thought the food wasn't that great and a little over priced.
Good stay, great location : Location and staff of the hotel were excellent, only thing missing was a swimming pool.
Free upgrade to premium suite : We booked a royal suite, but we got free upgrade to premium one. Rooms have nice view of River. You will enjoy birds singing in the morning. You might spot few in your balcony. There are other activities in the hotel. It is a big property, you will definitely enjoy your stay.
 : Best Resort at best prices. Treks n River is main attraction. Hotel provides many leisure activities. Kids will have fun there
Peaceful and serene location : Rivulet Resort is a wonderful place to stay in Munnar. Away from city hustle bustle near river. Best place for couples. Good services.
Rivulet Resort and Munnar : It was a three days trip and the experiences are awesome. It will definitely fulfill the thirst of a tour lover. The tour is incomplete without staying at the Rivulet Resort. The Resort provide some in house activity such as nature walk, cycling, bamboo rafting and also some indoor outdoor games equipments.
Excellent Stay : Amazing location, view, staff, comfy room and very much recommended for everyone.
Awesome place to relax : I like the stay at Rivulet. The rooms and the view from rooms were awesome. Quiet and calm place to relax. The river and mountain view was good. The food and service was nice. Other than the road, to this location was bad, everything else here is good.
Excellent place, must visit for couples in Munnar : A comfortable stay in pleasant suit, nice activities with well-behaved staff.
Excellent Stay : Nice ambience, nice staff, nice food, traceable. Near Munnar.
Amazing place to spend quality time with your loved ones : Amazing place to spend quality time with your loved ones
Good resort with serene surrounding : Most rooms have river view. Royal suite is spacious and clean. My room was very close to the river and had great view. But was little away from restaurant which included climbing few stairs. But that was not much issue for me and my family. Food could have been better. Many items in breakfast and dinner buffer were not warm enough. The spread included the usual stuff. It would have been better if there was something there to make it special. One more point on location. This resort is about 14 kms from Munnar and at lower altitude. So not as much cooler to give a proper hill station feel.
Too far from the City : This hotel is best if you are here for peace because the City is too far from here and u cannot go outside deluxe rooms was average
Great stay, great food, nice hotel : Nice hotel for a family, spacious rooms, great food. Enjoyed the short stay here
Food : Food options in buffet was very few, other than that everything was great. Must stay in Rivulet.
Excellent view : It's a pleasant stay with a good view but food quality is terrible.
Worthy stay : Pleasant stay, staff was very kind.
Excellent Stay : It's awesome for me.
Paradise in Munnar : It is the place to be in Munnar. The location and set up is the best. Food is tasty for short stay(otherwise some food will repeat). Found the spa a bit unhygienic as I could smell oil all around but is bearable. The staff is extremely well-trained and courteous. Will visit again and hope spa services improve next time.
Beautiful stay : Overall pleasant stay with my family.
Rivulet experience : It was good but it would have been better if there were more of holiday activities, other indoor games, and adventure games as they could make our stay in this hotel a fascinating one. Being a holiday resort unlike the other commercial and luxury resorts this is what guests expect. Food was delicious but it can be made better with more of new Kerala dishes.
Breathtaking view : We had a short stay of couple of days here. The view from the balcony is amazing. The staff is very courteous and polite. Overall had a great experience.
Nice hotel in the middle of nature : Everything was good. The location. Room. Food n most importantly the staff. Will come back again
Excellent Resort. Wonderful location : The location was wonderful. Staff were very friendly. Overall was very happy with my stay
Superb resort : Perfect for group of friends.
Wonderful stay : Enjoyed the ambiance and location very much.
Heaven on earth : Heavenly place on earth with great ambience
Excellent Resort : Excellent resort for family those who have small kids as the temperature is optimal for them.
Rivulet : Excellent location, high quality Resort.
Location : Calm, beauty, pleasant and we enjoyed lot
Peaceful and serene location : Good food, and service. Nice beautiful location.
Had an excellent experience at Rivulet Resort : Nice ambience, good food, calmful location, helpful staff, good taste of food. Add jeeps and swimming pool to the resort for a better experience.
Good Stay : It was wonderful host, I want to visit again the when i'm going to Munnar
Excellent Stay : Great surrounding, you can hear birds chirping, good place to get surrounded by nature.
Good ambience : Good stay, location, River view, gardens
Family trip 2019 to Rivulet : The manager was so helpful as my car broke down. Location and facilities were excellent. Breakfast to be improved. The jeep safari was great.
Excellent hospitality : Without doubt a nice Resort to stay and feel it
Awesome location : Highly recommendable for the beautiful location and views. This is definitely the best among the best in Munnar
Its mind blowing and wonderful : The staff behaviour is very good. Service is very quick and satisfactory. The rooms are specious and clean. Location is a sum and the villa balcony view is mesmerising. And staff are always ready to help customers. I always recommend couples, whenever they come Munnar. They should stay here.
Excellent Stay : View is excellent and good service
Nice location : Very good property away from buzzle and busy roads. Nice atmosphere for relaxation.
Stay at Munnar : The Resort is very good and location and ambience was very nice. Good and service also very good. I recommend this Resort to visit once again. Activity seems to be very less as a Resort.
Worst hotel in Munnar : Don't stay in this hotel. Fraud hotel Very high price as compared to facilities provided. Didn't gave cottage also and shown picture of cottage
Excellent : Hotel location was amazing, near to the running water, at the bottom of the Valley. Cool breeze at night feels so refreshing. The service is very good at hotel, the staff is very welcoming. In food there are very less option for veg, there should be more.
Good memorable stay : Location is the best aspect, situated alongside a small River. Staff is very courteous and room was adequate.
Scenic location and excellent facilities : Rivulet Resort location offers scenic view and cottage we stayed facing River Side bedroom was excellent. Staff was courteous and offer help in every possible way, I would love to recommend this Resort.
Nice Resort : Road to Resort is in very bad condition, but stay was nice and enjoyed a lot. Large rooms and total facilities are good
Good : Overall good. Foof quality requires significant improvement.
Awesome scenic villas : We stayed there for couple of nights in tamarind villa. View from balcony was just heavenly due to River facing along with mountains, you wake up with bird chirping in the morning, while standing in balcony can literally feel the fresh air during inhaling if you are coming from a City. Very courteous and helpful staff, prompt in service. Cycling for a short time was good experience over there. If you have good budget then select villas only, food was above average but considering the other amenities and scenic views, you will be content in the end overall. Very good view from the villa.
Rivulet fabulous experience : Eco friendly environment, nice river view, good service and friendly staffs. Neat and clean room as well as the resort premises and peaceful location. The only thing I didn't like is the road towards the resort, lots of potholes which can make you upset while driving.
Review : Nice resort. Worth for money. Like to visit again.
Good hotel, clean and well maintained cottages : Would recommend for families. Amazing place, very well maintained cottages, though expensive, food was good. Staffs were good too.
Not to be repeated : Lack of service and major communication gap between the management and staff.
Good Stay : Restaurant is very expensive and they don't have buffet dinner system and breakfast options is very minimum. Room was good but hotel is cut off the road and breakfast is minimum options there.
Excellent : Location is fantastic. Sounds of the water was amazing. Staff is very well trained. It was good experience. Shower partition would have helped.
One night in rivulet : Amazing stay. Suite rooms are best. Location is just superb. Have coffee with river. In night sleep with sound of water. Dinner was good. Breakfast needs improvement with some more dishes.
Good Stay : Just want to say it is a nice property. Everything was fine we liked the stay view was nice.
Good Stay : Excellent stay, friendly staff. Enjoyed my stay. Recommend to family stay.
Great rooms with beautiful view. : The rooms are big and clean. The location is far from Munnar town but the best you can get. The birds chirping, flowing river view was just awesome. The food and staff are good.
Excellent stay : Really nice villas adjacent to a flowing river makes this destination a must try. Amazing river/waterfall view from balcony.
Good view, good cottage : Only the prices are little high otherwise everything was perfect.
Munnar : Great staff and superb service. Superb stay and enjoyed a lot.
Best stay in Munnar : It may look long from Munnar. but it's worth to go that long. amenities which they have was awesome. One of the best Resort which I have seen. Nice view with river outside.
Excellent location, excellent nature view : Excellent location close to Pallivasal Hydel Project of KSEB.
Excellent hotel : Hotel located in easy accessible distance and rooms are really excellent.
Stay at Rivulet : Great rooms with a beautiful view of the river. Cut away from the hustle bustle, we had a peaceful and relaxed 2 day stay. Could hear the birds chirping throughout and we enjoyed taking a stroll around the property. Staff was efficient and helpful. Food was good and we managed to get vegetarian options. We also enjoyed the Ayurvedic spa at the resort. We tried our hand at archery with the help of Mr. Shihab. He was very patient and encouraging and we actually managed to get some good shots. Would definitely love to visit again in future.
Complete awesome : Location, food, management and service everything is awesome.
Great stay : The stay was great. We had gone there to celebrate our dad's birthday. The room had a great view. Every room in that resort had a great view of the river. The continuous sound of the water flowing was soothing. The breakfast was OK. Rooms and bathroom were well maintained and the resort staffs were friendly and helpful. Would recommend this resort to anyone visiting Munnar. The only turn off was the distance from Munnar City around 15-18 km
An excellent place to relax : Everything is excellent in Rivulet. I really loved the location. Food seems to be bit expensive but quality is good. We whole family enjoyed the 2 night and 3 days stay there.
cottage, sceneries : Resort is at a prime location, views from cottage are awesome. Very beautiful cottage. Nice peaceful stay. Very good food but price can be reduced. Overall stay was really nice.
Loved the stay : We had an awesome time at The Rivulet. The rooms have one of the best view that I have experienced. You can see the river flowing and misty mountains lying in the bed which is a sheer bliss. The staff is very friendly, helpful and always smiling. The pictures on MakeMyTrip and their website definitely do not do the justice to the real beauty of the place. The only disappointment was the breakfast which should be improved. The staff were very friendly.
Good : Far away from Munnar and climate is totally different from Munnar. Food is average. Activities are less. Trekking was awesome. Over priced.
Food quality was good : They was good on there part. Food quality was good but on last night they did not served food properly, as their kitchen closed at 9 PM. Poor room service. There was very late in serving food.
Best in Munnar : Amazing location. We enjoyed a lot in river view room and food quality was also good.
An experience to remember : The location of this resort is breathtakingly beautiful, the staff was courteous and very friendly, food can be better, but it is a must experience property.
Nice ambiance : River sound and cuckoo sounds are amazing, can improve spa services they have noisy spa rooms.
Good Stay : Wrong direction was provided by the employee. Hence we lost our way in the night.
Serene location : The hotel is far from Munnar but the traffic you feel in Munnar it is good to be away from the crowd. The location of the hotel is on the bank of a river and every room is facing the river. The other side of the river is full of green. That view will take your breath. The rooms are clean and the staff is extremely helpful and courteous. Food is good and you have both options, buffet and a la carte. Overall a very satisfying stay.
Great place, value for money. Good food : It was really great experience o stay in Rivulet, nice location and good staff, Mr Shijo from front office gave us valuable suggestions to make the trip really memorable, warm welcome and good rooms. Good place to visit with family and friends. Nice resort.
Good resort but that can do better . : Good rooms with nice views. The climate is not too cold (hot days during our stay April 9-13) as the property is about 12-13 kms below Munnar town which restricted the time spend outdoors@ the resort. There were A/cs in the rooms which offset the warmer mornings. Ambience and facilities at the resort were very good. Kids park, badminton courts, trekking paths and archery were good and relaxing. It was a most serene & peaceful stay. Kids had a good time at the park and archery while the trek through the property was quite good. On the flip side, the river is inaccessible and seems polluted too. Ayurvedic Spa was not worth the money spend, especially for people used to better treatments and services locally which are much cheaper too. Food was decent but not great with pretty set menu for breakfast. Variety in food would have been better or an even more local cuisine would have been preferable. . Overall, this was a pretty good stay which can get a lot better too.
Unbeatable location and co-operative staff! : Unbeatable location !. The pics are so true to the actual experience and beauty. Lot of space within the resort to walk, walk along the river (river flow subjected to season and dam above), small tea gardens, small river bridge, seating next to river (bon-fire place), view from rooms- all fascinating. You could walk up to the Moselberg resort in the morning, have tea there for a change, if you go further till the temple then the walk is really satisfying. Must mention Mr. Shahib who is the guide for 8. 30am trek into the huge plantations behind the resort- his knowledge about the fauna and his zeal to engage the audience made the trek worth it and quite a different experience . Very co-operative staff for whatever you ask- adhoc request for bon-fire, archery. We also requested for ripe papaya hanging from the plants in the resort- with no hiccups, it was plugged, wrapped and given :) delicious organic stuff and great show of kindness !. Only negative I felt and experienced was food quality. Taste was good but might be stale. But this shouldn't be a deterrent as didn't see this specific review by others. Almost all in my family faced some extent of bad stomach, so we had to eat out for one-two meals. There is one fantastic veg restaurant in downtown Munnar, everyone would know. Couple of average restaurants in the market near to resort.
Nice hotel and location. Friendly staff : Nice hotel and friendly staff and good location. Food should have more variety. Loved overall. Its good for relaxed stay. Overall value for money. The orchards were good and dam flowing was nice to view
Decent place with okay kind : Didn't match to the expectation and service was not stratifying. Food was just okay
A beautiful view right from the room! : THis is an excellent hotel in a very good location. Ideal for couples who want to live a little out of the way from the town center. We had a view of the river flowing right in front of the room as advertised in the photos. The food is good though they could add more local delicacies. Not many restaurants near by but the place is meant for people who want more isolated and relaxed atmosphere.
Good resort with courteous staff : Spacious, neat, clean rooms with a excellent view of a rivulet from balcony. Activities like spice plantation walk, Archery, Bamboo rafting, Games etc are provided by the resort. Staff is very helpful especially Mr. Shihab who teaches archery very well and also guides spice plantation walk. Just the location of resort is away from main area, so you need your own vehicle. In all a good place to relax & enjoy nature
Resort location good : Experience was good. Resort was well maintained near the water stream. Getting there from Munnar is quite challenging since roadway is not that good. Should have been improved in the activities in the resort. We got bit bored in the resort. Complimentary breakfast was very bad.
Excellent location, great welcome, super food, pleasant staff, all : Fantastic experience. Love the location. Great staff. Food very good. Staff are polite
Nice ambience : Nice river view from villas . Rooms was good and clean. Staff are very supportive but services was little bit delay . . For the honeymoon suite decoration was not much expected. Bed decoration was good and the room decoration was poor.
Average experience as no water flow in river : Overall decent property. However, key attraction is the river which has water flow primarily from July to September months only. If you are booking for any other period, please ask hotel for actual / current photos of the river before booking. During our stay, we also got a constant buzzing sound from the nearby power house.
Rivulet : Good location. With clean amenities, restaurant menu is limited. Buffet is fine but can expect more spread of varieties!
Very good ambience. Good service. : The welcome was great and the stay was amazing. The best time to visit Munnar is during the winter. Rivulet is the a good option for family with kids as there is a good landscape for the kids to have fun as well.
Good resort to stay with family .. Nice view : Good view from balcony, right beside the lake .. Early morning bird sounds, you will have nice sleep, fantastic ambience, break fast was nice, you will have trekking option from morning 8am .. Nice garden for children's to play around .. Location has few tea plantations near by you can have pictures ..
The river by the hotel side : The room, breakfast and the facility provided by the hotel was amazing the only downside that I experienced was the location which is very far from the main city altogether it's a value for your money
The morning scenary is beauitful : The background of the room is priceless. It is situated in calm & less noisy area. Definitely people would fall in love with this place. The garden area located bear the river just relaxed your mind & soul by seeing it. Planning to visit soon with my family.
Good hotel with value for money : Good rooms, and away from Munnar. Has nice views and good staff. Has a nice river view, and garden. Food is priced on the higher side. We had to pay 890 for a veg sandwich, chicken sandwich and two cups of tea. I understand room service is 20%, and we ordered as we had just reached from Bangalore. The price of the food is too much and the management should consider reducing it. The spa service are OK, and not value for the money you pay. The rooms were really clean and spacious. We stayed in the villa, with a living room and the rooms are worth the price you pay.
Clean and spacious room but too far : We kept "do not disturb" but still housekeeping person pressed the doorbell and without our permission within 5 sec he entered the room. Coming to the restaurant we got paper in rice and we informed restaurant person but he didn't even react to that. Resort is too inside. The usual route is closed but there is no board to direct the correct route. But it is beautiful. There is no such activities. It is not worth paying so much. Rooms are spacious and clean.
Overall okay : The location is very good but a little faraway from tourist spots. The service wasn't good at all .. No restaurants nearby .. Just have to rely on the hotel restaurant .. Which does not have much options for vegetarian food and a little overpriced too I shd again mention the service was not good at all. Most of the guests were from Arab countries and the staff was busy to please them only ...
Nice Stay !!! : The view and location is so nice. Could be better if rainfall is good. Overall pleasant stay. Food cost is too high. Located a little far off from main Munnar town and all sightseeing points. Decent value for money. This resort located in valley like location is very good for getting away from city life and enjoying peaceful holidays. Rooms and amenities are quite good.
Average stay : Okay location. Okay rooms. Nice park for kids is also available with several swings and slides. Good people. Below average restaurant - good taste but not good spread. Located a little far off from main Munnar town and all sightseeing points. Decent value for money.
Not worth the money, please don't go for it : Please opt for better hotels with the price you are paying for this one. There are many more hotels in Munnar with a much better view, like Misty Mountains, Club Mahindra, Plum Judy, The Fog.. We only went by the pics and online reviews and decided to go for this one, even though it had no discount. We were very disappointed with the location, because it is located in a valley, you cannot see the mountains and tea gardens. There toiletries were damn useless. They had bottles with 'Rivulet' scratched out, looked like they keep refilling the same bottle. They offer nature walk between 8:00-9:30 in the morning, which means you will have to stay hungry till then (breakfast starts at 8:00). Service was slow, overall not worth spending so much money. Again, I would say, please choose better hotels which can offer you a good view.
Rivulet is an awesme stay : Honeymoon suite was booked for three days from MMT app, which gave me much money monetary benefits including complimentary breakfast. The only thing I fould bit bitter was the attitude of security people towards me, even though I paid almost a quarter lakh rupee to their resort.
Spacious and clean rooms : We stayed in the resort for 2 days and the entire stay was pleasant and all the staff were courteous, and even the chef came out of his way in helping us in deciding places to visit. The room was spacious and neatly maintained and I would say it is really worth for each rupee spent.
Beautiful location, great view : This resort located in valley like location is very good for getting away from city life and enjoying peaceful holidays. Rooms and amenities are quite good. Though the service is bit slow, but generally does not affect much. There is good tree covered area around to just take a walk. Definitely recommended for a quite peaceful holiday experience.
Cosy comfortable stay .. Very : Room was good, I was on 7th floor ... Location a little let down ... Busy streets all aroundwith traffic crossings .. Good security systems ... Have a decent parking ... Room service reasonably quick .. But the hotel is fairly near to the city attractions
Base of hill . . Away from proper Munnar. Beautiful. : Reception ... Good beautiful .. Staff .. Welll be heaved helpful .. Rooms are clean. Room service good but expensive. Morning is very much pleasant. Other services are nice but lack of indoor games except carrom. Only one problem viewable places are too far.
Best stay : One of the best resort I have seen so far... And people at place are very nice... Nice spot for quite workouts and right place for family stay... Above all service is quick and good... Only thing is little more boards are required to reach easily.
Good : The overall experience of the hotel was good. Clean. Calm. Wish to come back for next holidays. A really beautiful area, and a simple but nice guesthouse with a warm welcome. Beautiful area, cleanliness, tranquility, professionalism! " Everything is perfect".
Excellent place to stay for family or couple : Excellent place to stay for family or couple, very good food & friendly staff. I stayed with my family members. The place is very attractive and beautiful. The rooms were very clean and neat. The balcony was really good to sit outside and the river facing apartment we stayed, was really fantastic.
Great place to connect with nature : Hotel is set in the peaceful abode of nature. Room is very spacious and have great view. Really enjoyed rain sitting in the balcony and overlooking the stream and beautiful trees. An excellent tracking in the forest plantation owned by resort.
Average Stay : Overall good stay, enjoyed. Would suggest to friends.
Nice location, good staff good food : It was a good stay. A very nice welcome.
very good : food was good staff was co-operative
beautiful location complimented with a good staff : Situated amidst the beautiful Munnar valley, this resort was a treat to my eyes. Resort is in the outskirts of munnar but the ride to resort is pleasant. We had 3 royal suites here. Rooms were spacious with a separate sitting and dining area but the best part was the balcony with the view of green mountains and a small stream flowing by. Premises are clean and a good children's area is maintained along with a badminton court. However lack of swimming pool, spa and a club room was a dampner although the manager Ajish told us they are on it. Staff was very courteous and co-operative and made you feel like home. The resort owner himself interacted with us about our stay. Room service was good. The house keeping was nice (they made a cute baby elephant out of towels in childrens room which they loved :D) Food was average. Breakfast buffet had a wide variety which was good but dinner buffet can be improved i guess. Also the fishing area needs to be maintained. Overall my stay was very pleasant and if in Munar I would definitely like to stay here.
Excellent Stay : Our experience at the Rivulet Resort was wonderful. The location, view and the ambience of the resort is excellent. The staff was very warm, helpful and courteous. The rooms are spacious and comfortable. We would definitely recommend this resort to our friends.
PLEASANT : THE 20 % ADDITIONAL CHARGE FOR ROOM SERVICE DID NOT MATCH MY EXPECTATION
Excellent Stay : Best of all resorts I have visited.
Good Stay : Courteous staff. Good ambiance. An ideal holiday place, cozy and exotic resort. Comfortable and plush rooms with modern amenities and personalised care. Everything else in between such as Boom boo rafting etc which makes your stay more pleasurable when you are on leisure.
Good Stay : Rivulet Resort is a hotel. Excellent location (but far from Munnar city) close to river, forest and mountain. In our Kerala trip we enjoy most in Munnar. Food quality is good and staff is also very cooperative. If you don't enjoy travelling in mountain than this is not a good option.
Excellent Stay : Really awesome experience. The resort has its own plantation and is spread over a huge area having tea gardens, pepper and cocoa plantation which was beautiful. There is a rivulet flowing by which was even more beautiful. The rooms were marvelous and huge. The food spread was luxurious and too good.
Good Stay : Excellent place to stay. I stayed for 3 days and enjoyed lot the river. Bamboo boat, fishing point and so sweet environment.
Great location with spacious room : Needs improvement on Games room & food menu
Good Stay : Exceptional stay. Hospitality is their advantage. Place is beautiful, rooms are well kept, actually very well kept. Couldn't forget the stay. It was very memorable. Its worth a stay. Worth every penny, just every penny.
Excellent Stay : Located in a serene atmosphere, surrounded by deep jungles, a natural rivulet flowing on the back side down below, prominently visible on sitting in the balcony. The suit consists of a big sitting room with a fairly large bedroom and bathroom, all are new and maintained absolutely neat and clean. A large well furnished and equipped dining area, with superb spread of breakfast. The staff are helpful and cordial. I with my wife came back with full satisfaction after a 2 nights stay.
Good Stay : A nice and quiet place. We arrived around 6 am on 27 th January due to strike. We were given room and staff was really helpful. A great place to stay and will definitely recommending it to friends and family. Another good thing is that the owner will meet and greet the guests.
good location breathtaking views but poor house keeping and food : The resort has excellent location and breathtaking views, great place to be with nature. However, I do think the following needs attention Housekeeping needs improvement. The rooms never look spic and span and the bathrooms need proper cleaning as well. your staff needs training and probably a supervisor to check the quality of cleaning/work. Food quality and presentation needs improvement. The dinning room does not look fresh and welcoming . Particularly because table cloths are not changed regularly and they have marks/stains and again floors are not cleaned properly. If you can improve these they will go a long way in making your resort better.
simply refreshing..... : The most interesting part was the ambiance of the resort. It was exactly like what is available on resort website. It took us two days to explore only the resort . The garden, the river behind the cottage, forest everything was amazingly beautiful. The other most interesting thing was the staff. Loved the hospitality. We have traveled so much in India but the staff of Rivulet were so kind and polite which we rarely find especially in north hill stations. They are always ready to serve us. Coconuts, jack fruit and spices are everywhere in the resort. Even the local taxi drivers were also very polite and helpful. The taxi driver we had hired were so helpful and entertaining that we loved them. The only little (mind it a little one) problem was food . Although they tried hard to cook delicious food but some of the cuisines didnt match our expectations. The problem is not with the chef but with the culture differences we have. Like we don't prefer coconut that much in our recipes which they do. But overall we have managed by selecting cuisines from the menu card and by discussing with the chef of course.
wonderfull experience. : Mr. Ajay manager of the resort is cool guy, he arranged every thing what we wanted very well, thanks to him. Resort location is awesome, cottages are big and clean, every thing was nice and I have no words to say but I would like to go once more to this resort. BIGGGGGG Thanks To Makemytrip for suggesting this resort.
Average Stay : Rated location as average since it was very hard to get to but I believe that may be the case for most hotels in the area. Both me and my son get car sick and motion sickness so it was a bit challenging due to all the windy roads. Staff was very friendly and hospitable. Rooms were comfortable and clean. Food was okay. Some items were more enjoyable than others but I think the flavors could be improved. There is a children play area which my son 1.5 years old enjoyed. I just wish they had a small gate at the entrance since he liked escaping to the road. Luckily there is little traffic but still had to keep chasing him.
Poor Stay : Food was bad so does staff we have not enjoyed our stay there. Not recommended at all. It was unsafe and bad hospitality. Location was so far from the city, nothing nearby and a very bad approach. Will not recommend to anyone. Food option was limited and I got upset stomach due to it.
Poor Stay : Not a 4 star hotel by any chance. This one. Loads of insects everywhere and no facilities for a 4 star resort to remove those. Many equipments was broken, partially used or not working in the rooms. Not good for a 2 day stay. Plus too far from anywhere.
Poor Stay : The worst thing was food quality, we are 24 member and out of 24, 22 member suffered in 3 day staying by vomiting. Food quality is very bad so please do not go in this resort.
Good Stay : All was good except the location was about 20 Kms away from Munnar. The hospitality and services were good. I feel one day was not enough to get value of such a resort. Even the season was quite warm. May be I would like to visit this place again in December and January time.
Good Stay : The food quality was not good and tasty rest all was fine. The hotel look was good and premier see were clean. Staff was supporting and always giving good services. Park was good and room location is, also good with balcony. The view was awesome and provided all the tea materials to enjoy.
Good Stay : Stayed for one night. Location was very good. View from the room was beautiful, dinner was tasty, and staff were helpful. They serve breakfast a little late, at 8 am, but as we had to check out early, they packed some breakfast for us to have on the way. Overall, we are happy with our experience at the hotel.
Good Stay : I really loved my stay there. What a location it was. Mountains, spring and trees all around. Staff was very friendly. Food was awesome. They have small adventurous activities like bamboo rafting and nature walk. Rooms are spacious, neat and clean. Very good resort.
Good Stay : It is really a place which we enjoyed, specially the walk in the Spice Garden by the operation manager. Bit far off from regular crowd of Munnar, need to go during monsoon. Though the road is bad leading the hotel but the view is worth every penny. Great hotel to again stay.
Good Stay : Great experience. The best part of this hotel is the location, there is no doubt about that. The staff were good, it was well maintained and everything was good. Only issue was with the food, its not bad its just it was not up to the expectation as all other things were very good.
Good Stay : Had a great experience. The resort was surrounded by its own tea pepper and cocoa plantation. Loved the cottages! The cottages were huge and marvelous. Location of the cottages were river facing which added to our delight. Ambience was great. Food was average though. Loved the place!
Excellent Stay : Food was good. Staff behavior was good. Everything was perfect and location was perfect.
Good Stay : Well, almost everything was perfect. I just wish the WiFi was better. The food options can also be improved. Otherwise everything was quite good. We really enjoyed our stay and would like to come back very soon. We will also recommend this place to our friends. Thanks for the nice experience.
comfortable : Location and design of cottages were very good. Food needs to be improved.
awesome : The stay at the hotel was fantastic and awesome.
Excellent : Excellent hotel to stay in, comfortable.
Good Stay : Very good resort. Staff is good and very good response from them. Very good food. I would like to prefer to couples and family. Munnar is very good place for the enjoying the holidays. Good attractions near to resort.
Awesome! : Too good. Awesome hotel to stay.
Average Stay : Wonderful accommodation and hospitality. Ambiance place with nice view. Perfect location for city walks and day trips. Typical Kerela graciousness and warmth, the perfect stay! Sorry to say but personally I do not like the food anymore.
Excellent Stay : One of the best hotels to stay, though its far from munnar main city, but the small river facing cottages and scenic beauty around it are worth paying for. Excellent: 1. Room Service 2. Food 3. SPA Rivulet Resort is the first hotel in our short trip and it really worth staying there.
Pleasant stay, friendly staff's, ambience was fantastic : River view was awesome and integral part of the stay.
good location : Very good location but little far from Munnar.Best to get relax yourself.
Good Stay : Located in a beautiful place, nice views on all sides, especially river, lake, mountain, tea garden etc. Food quality is average though variety was available. Good hospitality, neat and clean, overall excellent experience. Given option, would visit again.
Good Stay : This place is not in Munnar but it is in Chithirapuram which is 11 km away from Munnar town. The resort is just too too awesome but if you do not have a rental car, its a bit difficult to commute from this place. You may not get rickshaw in the evening to come back to resort as its away from Munnar town. Still its an amazing resort to relax and take a break and do nothing.
Good Stay : The property is very good and the hospitality and ambience are perfect. Rooms are nice and clean and are on a island. Restaurant serves good food. Chef himself greeted us and asked us what would we like to have. Only bad part was I had to wait for 2 hours to get my room as they overbooked rooms and then were unable to give me room on my arrival. But overall a very nice resort.
Good Stay : Excellent and want to visit again, perfect ambience no one would like to leave the place once visited.
Average Stay : Breakfast was good. Staff were very friendly and made our stay enjoyable. The owner personally came around checking if everything was alright. The view from our room was exceptional and the river flowing through the property really made it. Would definitely come back. Could not get WiFi in room but that was alright. We could go to the reception area for this.
Excellent Stay : Overall experience in the hotel was good.
Overall a very good stay. Very nice location . : Good rooms, nice location , friendly staff - good value for money. Food needs improvement .
Excellent Stay : Really awesome experience. The resort has its own plantation and is spread over a huge area having tea gardens, pepper and cocoa plantation which was beautiful. There is a rivulet flowing by which was even more beautiful. The rooms were marvelous and huge. The food spread was luxurious and too good.
Excellent Stay : Overall experience in the hotel was good.
Very good maintenance and awesome : This resort has overcome my expectations during the stay. The maintenance is not compromised. Food is awesome. Only thing missing is the SPA and Pool which is under construction. Looking forward to come again. Best resort and I strongly recommend.
Poor Stay : 1. Please make the bar facility available. 2. Variety of food served was quite bad.
Nature's Abode : Waking up with the rivulet singing in our ears was an amazing feeling. The scenic beauty and the hide and seek game played by the mist was unforgettable.
Good Stay : Food facility was very good. Staff Behaviour was attractive to customers. The room given for accommodation was very good. All was very good. If any body as for good resort in Munnar means I will recommend for rivulet resort.
Good Stay : Very limited verity of food available for vegetarians. Tea quality was very poor.
Excellent Stay : Superb location with all amenities, food was good of different varieties, marvelous sightseeing, rooms are so good very hygienic and the staff were also so cooperative. They always take care of the guest and their needs. I feel awesome there and think to visit that place again.
Awesome location : Good location, nice staff.
Good Stay : Resort is clean. We had booked Honeymoon suite. It has great view. Food is very good. Chicken is not that fresh. However fish, egg items and other vegetarian and soup items are very good. Breakfast has a lot of varieties and all are very tasty. Very good hospitality. Resort is very far from Munnar city, apart from that everything is fine.
Good Stay : It was such a wonderful experience with Rivulet resort that it really becomes tough to wrap the whole experience in words. Awesome is the most fittest word right now. Every thing from the start of the stay till the end was superb including the place, view, rooms, service, facilities etc. Looking forward to plan another trip to Munnar and stay here as soon as possible. Cheers!!
Enjoyable : Enjoyable
Worth staying in this beautiful resort .. : Good location and property..had a great experience exploring the property and its surroundings..
Poor Stay : Was not good at all as it is out of city and food was also was not good at all. Everything is so far and staff behavior is also not up-to the mark and if food is not good its useless to live in this hotel. Location is okay but main thing is food not recommended to the other.
Awesome hotel , food menu could be better, : Awwsome location of the hotel , with very nice built cottages.
Good Stay : Our experience at Rivulet was excellent. Hotel staff were very co operative and made our stay delightful. We planned to stay in Rivulet for one day only as Rivulet was far from Munnar but after reaching rivulet we extended our stay for another one day. Will definitely recommend this hotel.
It was a good experience. : The route to the hotel is very risky and dangerous, otherwise the stay food all were very nice.