Excellent Stay : Awesome experience in Swiss County, food was good, hotel staff was nice.
Enjoyed my stay : I loved my stay here. The staff is very courteous and helpful. The food was was great. Rooms are very clean and well maintained.
Best hotel in Munnar for family : I have stayed in this hotel 3 times. My family consider the stay in Swiss county as a get-together in our own place. All staff are friendly and care us not like customers but like family members. From security to the manager each man associated with this property- will help us to enjoy each moment in this hotel. Next time also we will select this place itself for our stay. Garden near to this hotel is a new attraction.
Amazing stay : Everything was good with this hotel. Every room has it's own specification. View is awesome. I Am a North indian, and I found both North and South taste with delicious recipes. I would recommend this hotel to everyone, who are planning to visit Mumnar
Munnar family trip : We had excellent stay, few highlights - Very friendly and caring staff, excellent food, nice view from hotel.
Good stay : Was good with beautiful service and good locality
One of the best in town! : It was our pleasure to stay in Swiss County. The staff was very courteous and helpful during our whole stay of 5 days. The view was breathtaking from the terrace after evening, we usually used to stare at the moon from the top while sipping our coffee. Overall it was a great experience!
Great location - not so good food : Stayed here for 3 nights with my wife during our Ride to South India. Good rooms, excellent staff, good breakfast. The Lunch/Dinner here though wasn’t anywhere up to the mark. Apart from the fish, we had on the first day, both of us were down with food poisoning the next two days with stale chicken dishes! Ended up having to stay in Munnar an extra night since I wasn’t able to last 20 minute without running to the loo!
Warm welcome with wonderful smile : Thanks to all the staff at Swiss County for making our stay so memorable. We are really touched by your wonderful smile all of you had and such friendly and sweet nature. Everyone truly deserves an applaud for contributing so much on passing positive experiences and memories to the travelers. Really impressed with such a prompt and quality service you gave. Thank you to all the staff at Swiss County led by Mr. Binu.
Superb stay : It's a well maintained hotel. Everything was so clean. Staffs are very friendly. Foods are delicious. Everything was amazing. And the view from room was amazing.
Food quality needs improvement : My wife and I had food poisoning. I was hospitalised for few hours with iv lines on my honeymoon trip. That ruined the overall trip with my wife.
Excellent location and food : Very nice hotel, spacious and clean room. Breakfast is amazing specially South Indian food.
Nice property : I along with my wife stayed here for 2 nights. The service was very good. Staff was very polite. Breakfast was also good. Worth to stay.
Excellent Stay : Food was awesome. Service was good. Location was a bit far from Munnar Town. Say about 10 km. I had booked Swiss regalia room and it was well maintained, the room has amazing balcony and view. Hotel staff were very polite and helpful. Overall experience was awesome.
Excellent : Excellent service and feel my home
Not in Munnar : This hotel is good. Very small hotel but the hospitality of the hotel was really appreciable.
Excellent stay : Most recommended hotel with spick and span rooms and fantabulous view from room (Swiss Regalia) balcony. Very friendly staff.
Boutique hotel with good food : The hotel just has 8 rooms which give a lot of peace from the city hustle. The food is amazing. The staff is very cordial.
Cozy hotel in the midst of the Hills of Munnar : The view from the balcony was spectacular. Private balcony with the best food you can get.
Munnar : Very nice experience had a great stay, very friendly staff, and management. Very nice.
Awesome place : Swiss County is really a mini Swiss. Stay was really good, the property is managed very beautifully. Staffs are very friendly and caring. Food quality was excellent. Overall a must-visit place. Thank you Swiss County.
Stay in Munnar : We stayed at Swiss County for 2 nights. The first night being the Christmas Eve, Santa came to our room along with all staffs and wished us Merry Christmas and gave us chocolates. Never experienced it in any hotel before. Then we celebrated the Christmas Eve on the terrace along with all other guests. Excellent behavior of the staffs, great food, clean rooms, and homely atmosphere made my stay very comfortable. Thanks to the management and all the staffs of Swiss County. They were outstanding.
Amazing stay : The stay was so amazing that I recommended this place of 2-3 of my friends who are planning to visit Munnar next week. The rooms, view, hospitality, food everything so so awesome. I wish to stay here every time I visit Munnar.
Stay not worth : Located some 15-20 Km away from Munnar town, no facility to commute to and from hotel. They charge you separately. No facilities in the hotel for any recreation. It's only the view which is worth but that every hotel will offer you.
Excellent property and excellent service : Starting from checkin in to checkout. Everything was perfect, great service, greetings, beautiful spacious and clean rooms. Overall I loved the experience and would recommend this to all.
Pleasant stay : We had a pleasant stay at Swiss County, the staffs were courteous and the services as well as the quality of the food were excellent.
3 nights stay : I had a wonderful experience here. I am really happy with the hospitality of the Catering and reception staff. The hotel is located at a perfect location and it makes easy to travel any Side of Munnar. The view from the hotel is awesome. The hotel staff were very helpful. I would suggest you to go for this hotel without having a second thought.
Super : My stay was peaceful and pleasant. Food also good. Staff response was very nice.
Slice of Switzerland : Top notch service, amazing hospitality, beautifully made resort. I had only asked for a big bed, they gave me the biggest room along with a separate bed! I told them I will leave at 7am, they packed breakfast! Totally loved my stay, I am coming back!
Excellent : Swiss County one of the best in Munnar. Balcony view. Huge rooms. Cleanliness. Food. And staff also very helpful. Love you Swiiss County
Stay at Swiss County hotel : It was a pleasant stay, but they don't have food variety in veg.
Great stay in about 30 minutes from Munnar : Stayed at Alpine suite in Swiss county. Suite is a large and clean room. Views from hotel are hills and not Munnar valley with tea estates as we expected but they are great. Even views from room top restaurant are great with hills covered with clouds. Staff are extremely kind and friendly. Kudos for their hospitality 10/10 for that. I would definitely recommend staying at Swiss county unless some one expects Munnar tea estates and valley view from their room.
Outstanding : The hotel cleanliness, staff. Overall it was amazing.
Good Stay : Comfortable stay, food quality is good.
Location was awesome, and room service was very good : Swiss County is value for money, very courteous staff always ready to help you, location of this hotel is good and even evening walk can take you to a local sightseeing place. hotel has only 8 rooms we stayed in a regalia room type which had a very good view.
Rooms were very good : Swiss County stay was awesome as the rooms were very big and neat n clean with wash rooms very good, quality of food was very good and rates were reasonable. Too. Over all good experience
Pleasant stay : We stayed in this resort for 2 days and it was quite good. Absence of buffet breakfast is a minor let down even though they provide decent options for breakfast. Staff were really good.
Good Stay : Good stay clean and neat hotel staff is very courteous and good
Best value for money hotel in Munnar near Chittirapuram : We stayed in Apline suite room for 3 nights. The room is located beside the reception and is huge room with a balcony has a beautiful view. Staff behaviour - 5/5, Food - 4/5 Coming from Andhra, we liked almost all the dishes they we had tried fish, fried rice, paratha, chapati, veg manchuria, gobhi manchuria, chicken biriyani, almost all breakfast items that they had. You can rely on this hotel for food. Wifi is just ok and TV is too small for the room. All the toiletries are available in the wash room. Overall 5/5.
Par excellence : The staff was cooperative and friendly. They attended to all your needs and comfort. The rooms were big, clean and with excellent view. The linen, and room were clean and neat. Worth the money spent
Very nice experience : Excellent food. Polite staff. Clean and neat rooms. It was a wonderful experience all n all.
Fabulous stay : Warm reception on arrival. Great hospitality. Courteous and helpful staff throughout the stay. Kudos to the entire team!
Very nice stay : I stayed there for one night and it was a very nice experience. Especially staffs are highly cooperating and helpful.
Had pleasant time with no disturbances : Swiss County is one of the best hotels where you could find friendly staffs in all 24 hours in a day. They treated me as their own guest from the start till the last bye. Perfect in room service with no unnecessary disturbances. Security helped me with all local places and planning my trip to Munnar was very easy. Rooms are perfectly clean and exactly as shown in the pictures. Food is costly but no complaints in the quality and service. Even served laundry service, a special request for honeymoon couples, etc!
Good Stay : Overall very good hotel service location and quality were very good.
A pleasant getaway : Swiss county located at Chithirapuram is a pleasant stay. The rooms with mountain view are quite an experience. The serene, calm locale can soothe your senses. Alphorn restaurant offers food that is tasty and well prepared. The staff is really courteous and well mannered. Go for it. As a couple or family, you will enjoy the stay.
Rude manager : My child mistakenly scribbled on the wall and we were to inform the manager about it. But the manager was not at seat in the morning. At evening when we returned he burst out on me that "you will have to pay for that and you should have seen to your child. U haven't informed us". I was an alone lady and my hubby was out for some work. Still, he blasted on me. Very disappointed and not recommend. Need serious apology and I even said that it is just done by pencil we are very sorry for that but he was not ready to listen even.
Amazing stay : Great service and hospitality.
It was really good. Food was great. Wifi connection is really weak : Just an issue with internet connectivity rest all are awesome
Excellent stay : I stayed in alpine suite. The rooms were very comfortable, big and clean added to that excellence. The services was awesome. Positive and friendly staff. Location is good as it is far from the hustle and bustle of Town. Swiss County made me feel like home. The host specially Mr. Beenu was awesome and a very good human being. Food was fantastic. Keep it up Swiss County Munnar.
Awesome stay : We booked the alpine suite. And it was amazing. They have super fast room service and even night service so it's basically 24/7. Housekeeping was really good and everyday our room would be fully cleaned and stocked while we were out sightseeing. They provide all amenities like ac, hot water, tissues, dental kit, shaving kit, shower caps and other toiletries. There's a fridge and microwave in the room so we reheated food that was left over from the meal before and thus minimal wastage. The view from the balcony is too good especially since you would literally be waking up to that panorama every morning. The bed's super comfy and there's a couch and tv to lounge in as well. In short, this was the best part of our stay and totally value for money.
Nice experience : While booking Swiss County I really not much satisfied but after going to reality totally different experience. Food ambiance the way how staff received totally satisfied 5/5
Recommended to others visiting Munnar : Hotel provides scenic view of mountains right from the balcony. Hotel staff and manager was very courteous and made sure that we have comfortable stay. Hotel is around 11 km from City center which actually cuts off any unwanted City traffic and noise. I will definitely recommend this hotel to others visiting Munnar.
Great service, staff are really helpful : Our full travel was totally taken care by the hotel. They even had two cycle which they gave us for free. Good breakfast. Lovely view from the balcony
The perfect room, extremely friendly hotel staff, and complete vale for money : The Swiss County, like a mini chalet, can boast of a complete family like atmosphere, smiling faces all around and everyone willing to assist you to the best extent possible. The property, both exterior and interior, seems in almost like new condition, very clean and well maintained. The best part of our stay was the Alpine Suite Room. Very large, including a lounge & sitting area, a pantry, bedroom and private balcony. The pantry includes amenities like a microwave, kettle, refrigerator, and a kitchen sink. All basic amenities are provided. The bedroom is just alongside the balcony with full glass sliding doors, and the view from therein is breathtaking too. There are 2 alpine suite rooms, 105 & 106, both with the same construction and view. The hotel can arrange for private tours, and can even call an auto rickshaw if you want a little excursion to the nearby tea estates and view points. The hotel also provides their own bicycles in case you need one. The food is good, served with delight. The chef has mastered continental dishes and thus it was a delight to try both Indian and Continental cuisine. A special mention needs to be made about staff friendliness. It felt like a home, away from home. Every single person, from the hotel manager to the service staff endeavored their best to satisfy the guests in every possible way.
Terrific service : Service provided by the hotel was terrific. Rooms were really good but not at all value for money. You could easily get a 5 star hotel at the same price.
Happy stay at Swiss County : Scenic view. Delicious vegetarian food. Courteous staff. Overall Nice experience.
Excellent Stay : Wow place, a short boutique hotel but huge from inside must visit
Excellent Stay : Good food and staff. Nice spacious room and cleanliness
Amazing hospitality! : Hotel staff were extremely polite and professional. Especially, Binu and Piyush. Other service staff were good as well. Alpine suite is extremely spacious and luxurious. Although there are couple of areas of improvement. The hotel should install a 43 inch or a bigger television which would go well with the size of the suite. The hotel must connect to a HD set top box and HD channels. World-wide channels should be added, instead of local south indian channels. Another aspect which requires attention is the quality of food. All the chinese and south indian dish tastes alike. The cost of the food is also not so reasonable. However, I will still rate Swiss County as one of my best stay in Kerala so far.
Good : The overall experience at Swiss County was good!
Good Stay : Very peaceful place and good food.
Great stay at Swiss County : Good spacious rooms. Nice food. Staff are friendly and helpful. In future also I will prefer Swiss County in my Munnar visit
It was just ok : Location view and staff were good. Room need upgradation. Need maintenance for room paint, bathroom and electrical appliances.
Tidy setup with a picturesque view from the balcony : Location you get a breathtaking view of the mountains from your balcony. It was worth every bit of the penny. My family loved it. 5/5 for the location. Food you need to expand your data log. Not sure why the buffet offering was missing while we could see the setup in the restaurant. Service we had to ask the staff for the basics like hot water, movement of bags. Management must take proactive measures to improve their score on such experiences.
Excellent : Alpine suite is very spacious.
Excellent Stay : It's an excellent experience.
Excellent Stay : If u are with family this hotel is best for you. Specially the view and the staff very humble and polite and service is excellent also very good food. Go for it without any hesitation.
Excellent Stay : Nice hotel, no pool, little disappointed with kids playing area
Not a great place to spend holidays : The location of the hotel is quite far from town and is at a very lonely place with no restaurant or shops nearby. No place in the hotel nor nearby to roam around in the evening. The area is totally deserted after 10 Pm. Deluxe (without balcony) rooms are terrible as they are in basement and no view from windows. They are a big no for anyone wants to spend a holiday at a good hotel. Hotel has only 8 rooms and has no recreational facilities. This should not be a not a good star hotel. Staff is polite and service is good.
Good hotel, good food and pleasant location : Good hotel, good food and pleasant location
Good Stay : Everything can be rated as average and description of hotel amenities must be made clear like minibar but all paid drinks, cookies they charge it. It needs a good briefing. Overall good.
Excellent Stay : The hotel offers great hospitality with a nice view from the balcony. Suite rooms are big and spacious. Food was good and reasonably priced
Peaceful getaway : Superior view from the balcony, great infrastructure, delicious food. This place has extremely helpful and friendly staff. They have helped us a lot with sight seeing. Breakfast menu was exceptional. Valley view from the balcony is cherry on the top. I would big time recommend this place.
Amazing experience : Amazing location, well-behaved staff. Could do better with a couple of main since work but I think overall it was a very good choice to stay here.
Good : Wonderful experience. Good staff. Quite and peaceful stay
Pleasant stay : A calm and comfortable hotel. Spacious room and spacious bathroom. Food is nice. Courteous staffs.
Average Stay : Rooms are good but very small property, food was good. In one of our rooms there was issue with hot water supply on all the three days we stayed.
Good stay : Good stay and nice location. Short stay but good to have spent some quality time
Hospitality party excellence : The best thing I liked here was there hospitality, rooms are fairly big and bathrooms are very clean, breakfast provided was Ala carta, quite tasty, view from rooms is great. Location is a bit of a issue.
Great hotel, best view : The best thing about the hotel was the view that you get from your balcony, very beautiful mountains all Around. This is situated little far from Munnar Town, but the ambience and service both are great.
Stay in Swiss County : Excellent experience. They upgraded our room and provided all the information needed to plan itinerary
Excellent Stay : Good food, peaceful stay, helpful staff
Excellent all round hotel : I own 2 hotels, soi know a good one when I see it, feel it. At check-in the staff were super nice. They kept assisting and were polite and customer oriented throughout our stay. The restaurant staff were very nice, the room clean, beds comfortable and brilliant views. As good as it gets.
Amazing : Each and everything about Swiss County is great Location, staff, food, rooms, and the view from the room is bonus
Loved it : Great view from the room. Very humble and polite staff. Would have loved to stay longer but the place was fully sold out. Will definitely recommend.
Short stay : Just stayed for a night for weekend trip. Clean, but not clean, maintained but not well.
Very good hotel with friendly staff : Really the hotel was very pleasant and the staff here are very friendly and when we came here check in was right in our suit! How flexible and if you want peace of mind while on your vacation choose this one
Serene place : A beautiful place to live in. Tea farm is at nearby distance. A peaceful stay. Hospitality was good. Good hotel and room to stay.
Simply amazing stay : Swiss county lives up to its ratings and reviews, it was truly a wonderful experience there. The room, staff, food and hospitality is surely 5/5. The manager is very genuine and helpful person and took care of all the basics during our stay. We stayed in suite which has all the amenities and amazing view. The food and hospitality is exceptional. Its 20 minutes away from Munnar Town and gives you calm and clean vibes. Don't compare it with big hotel chains but for a quite and warm stay choose this place with eyes closed. I will recommend this place to all travelers who likes a break from busy life's and wants to enjoy a beautiful stay.
A five star service in budget : We stayed for two days and we can not ask for a better experience for our Kerala trip. Staff was courteous, prompt service and specially the suits. The balcony is very huge and has Valley view, rooms are spacious with all modern amenities. Recommend to everyone specially couples for pleasant stay.
Excellent Stay : View was amazing. Nice management. Very helpful faculty.
Everything was up-to mark : Good reception, good staff, good rooms, breakfast was excellent, though not a buffet but we food want we ordered and was very good. Dinner options were less but food was tasty and served nice.
Excellent Stay : Food is excellent. If you are a looking for a place with a great view and a balcony, this is it. The rooms are well-maintained and the staffs are very polite and friendly.
Average stay. Feel like home stays : Feel like home stays. 12 km from munnar main town. Hotel location exactly on the main road. Very costly buffet. Hotel has only 7 rooms. Staff is very good. Very large balconies. The location of Swiss county is not so good. It's 12 km before munnar main town. Moreover, the pictures shown by hotel are really attractive, but actually it's not so good. In pictures, it looks like the entire outside area is private property of hotel, but no. It's on the main road. Rooms balconies are very good and spacious and opens towards valley. Staff is very good but buffet is very costly. No other facilities in hotel. You will feel more like home stays not a proper hotel.
Excellent Stay : Awesome, thanks for your ambience.
Excellent Stay : Nice location, great food, nice staff. It was great I loved it thank you.
Truly recommended place to stay : Location of the stay is great. It is nearer if you are coming to munnar via theni. We got an upgrade to alpine suites, thanks to swiss county manager. The valley and mountain view from balcony is amazing. Staff helped us to plan sightseeing in munnar. He arranged a jeep safari which would cover all the best places of munnar in 2 days. He even arranged a complimentary candle light private dinner for us. The hospitality was great from staff and from swiss county. Overall we had a very pleasant and comfortable stay. We strongly recommend this place for tourists visiting munnar.
Really enjoyed the stay : Simple and elegant rooms, well maintained. Good balcony space and great view. Excellent service and food.
Very nice one : It was very nice stay at six county. The balcony opens to a beautiful view towards the mountain and tea estates. Food was awesome. The top restaurant view makes its special. Operational manager Mr. Piyush, was always there for your help. He will help you planning Munnar visits.
Perfect location : Nice place to visit Photo point, Top station, Tea garden or Echo point.
Great stay : The view from balcony was excellent. Staff was courteous and supportive. They took my birthday details from the address proof and arranged a surprise celebration. This was really cool. Food served in restaurant was tasty and hygienic. Overall the stay will be memorable. Would recommend it to others.
Excellent Stay : Big room. Awesome view and great service.
Awesome experience : Great place to stay at Munnar. Rooms are clean and well designed. Had a fabulous experience at Munnar. Very friendly staff. Small property but well maintained so don’t expect the hustle and bustle of a big 5 star property. Food option is limited but good quality and taste. A little away from main Munnar town but that makes it even better as it away from the crowd where you can spend some quality time with your family.
Awesome stay : Great location, good rooms, nice hospitality. Just one feed back please add some more in door game.
Memorable stay in Swiss Country : Rooms were very spacious with the most spectacular view. They were neat and clean and the room service was quick and efficient. All the staff are extremely polite. I only wish they can improve on their food as there are limited options. around. Room had the most spectacular view and dwell ventilated.
Excellent rooms and staff : We had amazing stay at Swiss county, Pramod - Operation Manager took care of our needs very swiftly and in detail, we also got our room upgraded from Swiss Regalia to Alpine Suite. Overall a very good experience, would recommend to anyone visiting Munnar.
Best boutique hotel ever visited : The best boutique hotel ever we visited. Ambience, food, management, view from our balcony, room cleanliness and suite room everything was top notch.
Great break in Munnar : We stayed for 2 nights in Munnar at the Swiss County. It was beautiful and within reach of everything we wanted to do. By far the best attribute was the view. I've never seen anything like it,With the on and off rain and the clouds rolling through it was a sight to see. The room was fantastic and spacious. If we come back to Munnar we will stay here again. The view was fantastic. Couldn't have been better.
Excellent location with scenic beauty at its best : Very good management by staff. Courteous staff. Mr Pramod made our stay very comfortable. Arranged for a ride and the driver was very humble. All in all it was a very nice experience.
Excellent stay : Great place, lovely views from window and hotel room is really amazing. Polite staff with quick service. Overall I would love to say my best stay ever in my life. Just love it, keep the good work up.
Excellent hotel : Will recommend the hotel to all my friends and relatives. Great view, friendly and co-operative staff.
Nice view from room : Nice view from room. Away from city. Excellent stay, good service and great view from room.
Just Superb : Food was good. Service was fast and staff was polite
It was nice stay : It was nice stay. Good food, nice balcony view and good staff.
Nice stay : Nice stay, however, they didn't provide the snack and fruit basket as promised.
Good : Good location and nice spacious room and staff is very good and helpful, the Buffet was also very good, Jjust need to put more chicken in dishes. Good staff and helpful nice ambiance, Spacious rooms.
It is a beautiful place : It is a beautiful place to stay with family, nicely located in hills. Approach to hotel is very convenient. Welcome drinks are served and very clean and comfortable rooms with good views of hills. Restaurant is available on top. Overall I enjoyed the stay.
Room was good : Nothin much to do. However food was good room was excellent. No activities from the hotel. It was a small property. No great sight seeing bear by
One word FANTABULOUS will say it all. : Room was excellent, food was fantastic, hospitality was wonderful. If you going for a romantic, peaceful stay then SWISS COUNTY is a wonderful option . If we ever get a chance to visit Munnar again then definitely swiss county will be our first option.
Hill view from the room was awesome : Room and the facilities are exceptionally good. Service also nice. Hill view from the room was awesome. Over all stay was good and will recommmend for the couples and family. There is no fun activities available and the location is little far to go for the sight seeing.
. : Nice rooms, beautiful view, good location, well behaved staff . Need to improve the breakfast spread.
Views from the rooms : It was a nice stay in this hotel. Lift facility was not there so can't recommend to disable and travellers with health issues. Best for couples and families.
Nice place to stay with family : Rooms are clean and tidy. Service and the staff is nice and cordial. The hotel is really good, even though not that big with facilities like gym and pool. I recommand it because of the well maintained bathrooms. Location is little away from Munnar town otherwise good.
Stayed here for 2 nights : Stayed here for 2 nights during new year. Hotel is located around 12 kms from Munnar town just at the start of tea gardens. Check-in was smooth and manager Pramod made our stay comfortable. He is a very polite and nice gentlemen. He gave us complimentary buffet dinner during new year eve. Hotel has a nice rooftop restaurant. Food was okay. Entire hotel staff was ever smiling and courteous. We got Swiss regalia room located at the ground floor of the hotel which had a private sit out area.
Perfect Stay at Munnar : Our stay at Swiss County was marvelous. It looks like a chalet. The location is nice, away from the city crowd and with beautiful view from the rooms. Our rooms had personal terraces with them. The staff are very courteous and helpful. Food is good, the breakfast spread was great. We enjoyed every aspect of our stay and it's a perfect place for a leisurely vacation.
Overall great experiene !! : Best location and stay !! Courteous staff, good food, and location. Cleanliness at its best in the hotel. Complimentary breakfast can be improved and should include some South Indian dishes in menu
Very good experience with wonderful view, service. : A very good hotel without doubt. Manager Pramod is wonderful. Rooms are very well maintained. One would truly enjoy staying there with family. They even changed breakfast menu on our request. Restaurant is good though a little over priced. Food quality and quantity is good though the tastes are not always authentic.
Great experience. Value for money. : Real value for money. The view from balcony is fabulous. The hospitality of all the staff are great. Food is good. This hotel manages all the guests individually and service is awesome. Go for it. Recommended.
Room is well maintained. Staff : Room is well maintained. Staff are very much supported. Enjoyed this trip. Location is little far away from Munnar. Overall good
Great room and valley view! Good food. : The room is huge and excellent view of the valley! We loved the room and the food. The staff is very courteous and helpful. We visited the Kerala martial arts show which the hotel staff told us about and we loved the show! It was great. The food is really good but options are limited.
Great stay at swiss county must come place : Great stay at swiss county guys must go place a perfect blend of peace romantic and perfect rooms the balcony opens up to a scenic beauty of Munnar mountain ranges, it also has a roof top restaurant and bicycles for enjoying, though its 7 km before Munnar city but its good as its peace and calm like a graveyard no disturbance. At a whole must go I would surely recommend every couple to vist this place.
The resort is overall excellent worth of staying. : The resort has a very good location with beautiful scenic view. The staff are very polite and well behaved. Regarding food I would suggest to try Keralian Chicken curry which was amazing. Rooms are big and clean with all the required facilities.
Room, food and service : It's definitely a value for money stay. Room is definitely a premium one. Good size bed and a decent view from the balcony food is also good service is also good.
It was amazing hotel. Small : It was amazing hotel. Small property having only 7 rooms but exceptionally clean and good. Rooms were super spacious and with clean and big washrooms. Hill view balcony and garden view entrance if you take ground floor. The only thing I didn't like is if you stay at ground floor and want to go roof top restaurant so there is NO LIFT in the hotel. I think that too manageable but depending on personal choice and 2nd thing food preparation smell was too strong in the Stairs area. Room service was a
Not good at all, food service is pathetic, far away : Hotel is far away from Munnar town, no nearby facilities available, food service is pathetic and the attitude of food guy is pathetic, rest of the staff is fine, don't serve anything in night, so please people stay away from this
Exquisite is the word : I wanted to give 6 for extremely well trained and courteous staff. The location is good but rest all things are more than perfect. Located very close to top view points in Munnar. View from hotel is not breathtaking but satisfying
Modern room with good facilities. : Rooms are neat and service is good. You can make use of cycles as well which is available in the resort itself. The pics uploaded here are of Alpine suite. People looking for relaxation can opt for this resort as it is 8 km away from Munnar town.
Exceptionally good place to stay : It is a Very good place to stay. Reasonable distance from all the 'to go' places. Food is exceptionally good at their costs. I have been to 'the Panoramic View ' Lounge in Munnar which is a very good lounge but a bit costly. I thought I got the same quality food in Swiss County hotel for a cheaper cost, although the Menu here is limited. The view from there is mind blowing. We get a very good view. Their interiors design of the rooms and their decoration with lily flowers is praiseworthy. They could take care of the smell of the lily flowers if possible, all people may not like the smell all the time. Just a suggestion, in case. But the Overall stay was amazing.
Fantastic stay in Munnar : Staying in the resort obviously adds extra value to your trip. The resort earns full marks in every parameter and in every aspects right from services to food qualities, hospitality, panoramic views from the balcony and the roof. In the entire trip starting from Kochi to Kovalam we had the best stay in this resort and really delighted that we selected Swiss County in our itinerary. The resort is extremely cosy and compact. I would suggest every travellers to keep Swiss County at top of the chart while searching accommodation in Munnar.
Superb room : The room was very nice and the staff was also very helpful. They arranged for a cake at 12 of my husband's birthday but the location is a little far from Munnar station and the temperature is a little high here
One of the Best Hotels : The hotel is well situated and the view from the rooms is just awesome... The staff right from the receptionist to the Doorman is highly professional and courteous.. I loved the food... The hospitality... To sum up it was just amazing... If you want to have the best stay in Munnar.. Look no further.
Good family hotel. : Good for family. Good staff behavior. Food is only average. The bed size is very small and for a family of 2+1 it will be very tight. Need to climb all the way up to top floor for breakfast. The view from the room and top floor is excellent and will enjoy it.
Unique theme of Swiss Charlet is fabulous! : We booked this hotel based on the reviews and make my trip assured hotel tag. The hotel reminded us of the Switzerland which we had visited last year. Same kind of ambience and service! True to its name I would recommend it for couple and family travelers.
Fantastic Stay : This small 7-8 rooms cozy hotel or a boutique hotel is in the lap of Munnar 's hills, view from the rooms facing hills is awesome, rooftop restaurant will takes you close to feel the freshness ad nature. In and all a fantastic place to stay.
Good stay, clean rooms with decent view. : Good stay, clean rooms with decent view. Service was to the mark. Though buffet was not available, a la carte was decent. More games could be included like table tennis. They have carrom and cycling for now.
Wonderful to spend time with your loved ones : The hotel looks exactly same as you see in pictures. Food is excellent. Room service and hospitality was up to satisfying. You get enough privacy to spend time with your loved ones I'll recommend Swiss county for all my friends and family.
Only +ve about this hotel is the view from room : I booked this hotel based on the great ratings of this hotel given at trip advisor but I was disappointed with the poor service and lack of facilities at this hotel. Main disadvantages are mentioned below: 1) This hotel doesn't have any lift. Only stairs. Definitely not suitable for senior citizens or disabled persons. It was too inconvenient for my mother due to her old age. 2) No staff at reception before 7 AM. This is the hotel's rule. So if you face any problem during early morning hours, you'll have to wait till 7 or 7:30 AM till someone resumes his duty at reception. 3) The hotel had problems with hot water and water pressure was too low in the shower. 4) This hotel provides 1 bottle of drinking water per person in a day. We were a 3 members family and the hotel provided us with 3 bottles of water in a day. If you need more water then you need to buy it from the hotel or bring it from outside. This is the strict policy of this hotel and they won't provide more than 1 bottle of water for free to each guest in a day. 5) The location of this hotel is not good at all. Reaching to this hotel is a too difficult task itself. Very narrow and dangerous road.
Excellent and spacious rooms with superb views : Though there are only 7 rooms in this Hotel but all rooms except 1 have a fantastic view of the hills and valley. Hotel is 10 kms from Munnar city. Rooma are quiet big and spacious. Food is good, but service is little slow but tolerable. Overall bets value for money.
Excellent Hotel with Exotic Room views : The stay at Swiss County was worth the money spent. Excellent Hotel with excellent Staff. Thanks to Mr. Pramod who helped us in all possible ways. The Restaurant Staff was quite nice. The location of the Hotel is very good. The furnishings in the room were quite modern with all amenities. The cleanliness and neatness of the Hotel was quite visible throughout the stay. The view from the Room balcony was breathtaking. Excellent food with prompt services. Travel help and the Driver who was with us are worth appreciation. Overall, one of the best 3 Star Hotels near Munnar and worth staying.
Wonderful stay : The room was excellent with superb view. The staff was very supportive and cooperative. Wonderful stay. The location was bit far from Munnar city but was fine. The food was OK but the main thing was room was very clean and with huge balcony with super view.
Very nice : Very good hotel ... Staff is very cooperative. Room was very clean and have sufficinet space ... Manager is very active ... Room has perfect vellum view ... Just need to improve Inverter and dinner menu ... Also Breakfast is also best but need to add more items.
Awesome and peaceful stay : It was awesome and peaceful stay in Swiss County. Good staff, nice Ambience, spacious neat and clean room. View from the room was awesome. Overall its highly recommended. Simply awesome. We had food in roof top restaurant of swiss county tasty food with nice view. Loved it. Thankyou swiss county for making such a wonderful stay.
Swiss county : I went with my wife and the view from balcony was amazing, was indeed spacious. It was worth buying that package. Hotel staff were cooperative and the climate was just perfect, I would definitely go again if I get a chance
The best place in Munnar : Firstly kudos to the hotel for selecting the location - a bit away from the hustle and bustle from Munnar. Secondly the hotel is really cozy and comfortable ... The interiors are very soothing, the staff extremely courteous ... From the room view to the amenities ... From the rooftop restaurant to the warm smiles of the staff ... Everything was amazing
Great experience : Awesome stay. Very beautiful property. Swiss regalia rooms are 5star category. Very clean restaurant also very beautiful. Staff very cooperative. Loved to stay here. Will recommend this to all my near and dear ones
Amazing stay ..! : We stayed in this hotel for 2days .. Stay was awesome with amazing view and staff was very courteous and helpful. I would highly recommended this hotel and would love to stay here again. Cheers
Excellent stay! : Everything was superb, scenic view from balcony (but balcony is shared ), professional staff. Special thanks to Mr. Jomon for the assistance. Overall fully satisfied with the facilities and treatment
The view of hills from rooms are amazing : My experience is satisfactory. The location of the hotel is away from the Munnar main town. The rooms are hill facing, which is the major highlight of the hotel. View from the room is amazing. Food quality is good and having authentic south indian taste. Staff is alsk cordial a the helpful. Hotel is not having any extra facility like messauge centre or playing room.
Value for money, nice place, : Value for money, nice place, very nice landscape views from the room and balcony. This place is located 12 before Munnar town. The restaurant is very nice and the has a very nice ambience. Service is great.
Great views, amazing service and comfortable room : This is a small affair with only seven rooms located a few kilometres before Munnar town. The view from the room is just amazing. Being a small concern, the staff pampers you with attention. The staff is very courteous and attentive. The stay there was worth every rupee.
Location and service : Excellent stay for couple. Hospitality is very good. One of the must stay hotels in Munnar. Food can be improved. View from the hotel is fantastic. Would suggest hotel management to provide campfire
Excellent hotel : Excellent hotel with an amazing view from the room. Courteous staff and good management, Very good service. Everything was provided to us on time. Location was good with a good view and I booked a suite room which was big enough and clean!
Good experience. : Had a very good experience. Good services and friendly staff. Calm and quiet location. Nice place to stay with family. Rooms are very neat and clean. Food also very good and tasty. Would like to visit this hotel again.
Lavish rooms : The view from the hotel is just amazing. The rooms are neat, clean and very lavish. The key highlight of the room is the balcony. You can see the ranges of mountain from the balcony and can witness the beautiful sun rise.
Everything aboyt the stay was amazing. : The staff, people around are very courteous and really amazing. The food is really good especially the breakfast. The view from the balcony really amazing to watch the sunrise, the misty mountauns are a treat to watch.
Pleasant stay : Was on honeymoon it was pleasant and comfortable stay. Hotel location was good. View form room was awesome .. Food was good ... As we a punjabis couldnt find north indian food over there but hotel serves north india food we can't say its awesome But it was good ... Climate was good best hill station in Kerala.
A pleasant stay with scenic : A pleasant stay with scenic view of mountain and good food and very clean rooms and excellent service by the staff. Stayed for two days and surely will recommend for people visiting Munnar. You will get a value for money what you spend.
Decent view and good food : The stay was good and peaceful. The hotel staff were very courteous and polite. It's just the weather was really bad so we couldn't enjoy the place much. Shall recommend it big time for couples during winter.
The Alpine suite rooms : The interior design of the alpine suite rooms are awesome and the foods are delicious. We can easily reach tourist places from Swiss Country, Power house road, Chithirapuram. The house keeping services are good and the are maintaining hot very well ...
Ambience excellent : Nice experience .. Room is good ... Ambience is good ... Food excellent. Nice staff ... Its a wonderful experience to have a cup of coffee with your loved ones in balcony enjoying the scenary of switzerland in india ...
Nice hospitality : Situated near Munnar town and near to all sight seeing. You can hear the birds chant in the morning continuously from your room balcony. The mountain view is amazing in the morning. The staff are always smiling and ready to help. Complmentry breakfast is la-carte, tasty and had variety.
Big and spacious rooms : They gave me a free room upgrade to the Alpine Suite. The room was huge and cleanliness was up to the mark, also the valley view from the room was icing on the cake. Hotel staff was very courteous and friendly. The hotel food was good and affordable.
Good hotel and staff : Good staff.. Awesome view. Rooms are neat and well maintained and spacious.. Best hotel in Munnar. Food is ok. Scope to improve the food. 5 rating for the view. Reached expectations.
Excellent service and best view : They have the best view. Service is excellent. Their restaurant named the Alphorn is roof top. Ambience was magnificent. It's pleasure to have breakfast there. Overall you would love to stay at Swiss county.