Excellent service and staff : The location is really beautiful, very green with vast amount of plant species. Rooms with spectacular view to the green valley. The staff was really helpful and understanding. We really enjoyed our stay here.
Overall good : Resort was overall good. We had a good time there. View from the resort was really awesome. Cleanliness and room service was also satisfactory. Taste of food was okay. The only negative point of the resort was it's little bit away from the town therefore one has to have the lunch and dinner in the resort. There is no nearby restaurant or dhaba.
Fantastic : Don't Miss. Finest Resort and value for money. Food excellent, staff very kind.
Nice isolated property. Best of newly married couples : We had a new nice experience to stay. Ambience is awesome hospitality and Hil type Resort. Staff behaviour is awesome. Hospitality is very courteous.
Good : Overall good, view climate and location.
Good stay but service needs upgrade : We visited Munnar during February 2020 end. The rooms are large and clean. The spacious balcony is one of the best features. The lights in the room are quite dim, they should be upgraded. The fan was moving very slowly and it was a bit warm, so we asked room service to rectify the problem. We were provided with a room fan. The geyser in one of our rooms wasn't working properly and although it was rectified quickly. These are the little things that a hotel can fix in a permanent manner. I wasn't provided the Wi-Fi password until the next morning and I had to complain twice for it. It was needed since there was a network problem. These were not big matters but they add up. Besides these, the stay was good. One more thing and although it wasn't the fault of the resort, the road to the resort seemed to me quite difficult and dangerous.
Excellent Stay : It was overall a great experience staying there however, the rooms are not very nicely maintained.
Good trip : The view from resort is really breathtaking. Splendid tea plantation and deep valley view from our balcony. Food was okay and takes time to prepare if ordered. So, traveler needs to order 30 minutes prior proceeding to restaurant. Staff behavior and services are good. Connecting road from highway need to earmarked. Overall nice and suitable for all.
Tea Valley : Nice place. Great location. Cleanliness amazing. Great food.
Awesome property : Simply wow. The resort is located in Amidst Tea Gardens and at a high altitude giving breathtaking views. Though the accessibility to the resort is through narrow road but the pick and drop facility arranged by the resort makes it easy and convenient to reach there. The breakfast has plenty of items and every item is as delicious as the other one. This resort is surely a property worth recommending to those who loves to stay at peace. Highly recommended.
Good Stay : Nice place. Good location just in nature.
Amazing place to relax : Staff was friendly. Me and my wife enjoyed a lot, the service was amazing.
Very nice stay : Excellent location, all rooms have a beautiful mountain view. Rooms are big and spacious, the balcony sit out was really breathtaking. Good Service, good rooms. Value for money. we really enjoyed our stay.
Excellent view of Tea gardens and valley : Located at a very scenic place, food is good, nice and tidy rooms which are quite old view from room balcony is excellent.
Excellent location : It's very nice place, but the Road almost 1.8 km is very narrow and dangerous.
Good location : I recommend this Resort to family who are looking for relaxing in a calm and quiet area.
Excellent service and behavior : Excellent service and behavior. Awesome food quality in restaurant.
Perfect location for honeymoon : Good gesture by the Resort staff, location between Hills Station gives an icing on the cake
Good : Stay and everything is good. But don't follow the Google map directly check with reception and follow the location.
Family stay : Book room at lower floor as it has got a cottage with no lift. Food was ok and hotel is 4km from Munnar town.
Amazing Tea Valley Resort : Great location, welcoming people, wonderful ambience
Poor Stay : More difficult to search location. Food as per rate not good. The bathroom is smelling. Only the staff is good.
 : Awesome but room need to improve.
Exceed expectation : Location superb, overlooking tea garden, hills and valley. Property very well decorated and well maintained rooms are very spacious, will give all browny points for balcony attached to the rooms. Perfect stay. Awesome location. Trek to the nearby waterfalls was awesome. Only, food is bit expensive there and portion is also not that good.
Excellent Stay : Beautiful. Superb atmosphere and surroundings. Warm and courteous staff. And if you want really feel nature. Best option.
Worth every penny : Amazing view n ambience. Spacious rooms, good food n cooperative staff.
Fantabulous experience : One of the nice stay in Munnar. The access Road to Resort is bad, otherwise Worth staying
It is Worth stay : Good location, amazing tea valley near by you can enjoy. Good staff behavior. View from the room is amazing.
Location : The location of hotel is itself a view point. Amazing view surrounded by sloppy Tea gardens ambient weather and staff service is excellent. Overall Worth visiting once
Nice location : Hotel is in very nice location and hospitality is good
2 day stay : I liked the clean rooms, attached balcony and location. Staff are also nice. What I don't like is food which is one of the important thing for me. Food is average, plus the road which is connected to hotel is very narrow and has many bumpers which is not safe in night time. Overall good stay. Hotel view and rooms 9 out of 10. Cleaning 8 out 10. Staff 9 out 10 and food 5 out 10.
Awesome honeymoon stay at Tea Valley : It was really an awesome stay at Tea Valley, the staff, specially Mr. Suresh was very co operative and arranged everything for us. The behavior of staff is really good. Will surely visit next time with my entire family and will also recommend the same to my other friends. Keep it up Tea Valley.
Awesome hotel room and view : All things are too good.
Location, food and service are awesome : This resort is good for 1 or 2 days. I stayed here 3 days then last day service is too bad. There was no cleaning of room.
Mesmerising location : I enjoyed the place so much, I can't express in words. It is situated in an isolated place which is so beautiful that you don't feel like going anywhere. Just one thing they need to take care about is the maintenance of their rooms, bathroom and recreation area. Rooms are little old and bathrooms are not up to the mark. Rest all the view, location, food, people everything is just amazing.
Nice location : Great location surrounded by Tea estate and hills. Good food and service. Great stay with family.
Tea Valley Resort : Amazing resort, with friendly staff. Cleanliness was awesome. 5 star stay. Worth it.
Pleasant stay : Had a nice stay and pleasant stay.
Nice Resort : Was a pleasant stay. Good location and service.
Cleanliness : The location of the hotel is very good. Rooms are stinky.
Very nice resort : Stayed 2 nights, ambience is very good. Nice view from balcony. Very good hospitality. The road leading to resort is very narrow and one should be careful while driving. Please ask the resort for directions as Google Maps will mislead you.
Excellent Stay : Very good stay will recommend
Beautiful and romantic : Place was a stunner, must visit.
Awesome view : View from the hotel is very nice and the staff is awesome. Hotel is a bit inside and narrow lanes need good driving skills. Otherwise, it's good resort to relax and chill. Breakfast was good but dinner needs bit improvement.
Nice resort with good view : Everything was superb, including food, the only drawback was they made us to wait for check-in around 30 minutes, otherwise finest resort to stay in Munnar.
Excellent Stay : Located in Tea plantation area you can travel Around Tea plantation
Very good service, : Nice place to stay, climate was very good, affordable price for rooms and location is too good,
Poor : Poor stay. Worst day of my life.
Good property, poor service : Stay is comfortable. But service is not good. Food is okay
Excellent Stay : Very nice place to enjoy your holidays
Tea Valley experience : I traveled in Feb 20. Had a super amazing experience. Staffs at Tea Valley very helpful and nice.
Awesome location for family : Awesome location but reaching here after 6 pm is tough. Flooring in rooms is old and stick, key needs to be replaced.
Awesome location and helpful staff : The place is isolated from city traffic situated in a calm and peaceful location view from all the rooms is amazing. Staff is really helpful and they take immediate action on your request. I will definitely stay at the same place if I visit Munnar again.
Good facility : Nice view from balcony. Hygiene maintenance is good.
Outstanding ambiance and customer service : I am a vivid traveller but hardly get to experience customer service as personalized as this. Ahkil specially took care of all our arrangements personally even when he was on leave. Also, the person at the reception, chef and person who served us were extremely curteous. Resort is so very beautifully maintained that it reminded me of resorts in any rain forests or Bali. I booked the tree house in the property for our anniversary dinner, it was one of the most exotic ambiance I have ever experienced. It was cherry on the cake for us. View from the room was breath taking. Maps location is incorrect but the above mentioned people guided me and it's not hard to locate. Booked taxi at the resort for local tour which was worth it. Drivers were very curteous. One of them even washed my own car while checking out, how nice of them! They even arranged for a drop as the approach road is very narrow. Cons: Approach road speically if you going after sunset. Our room was in the 5th level (not floor, all levels have inclined path way with full of plans and 4-creeper) so was very difficult to commute between room and restraunt, reception. They should have lift. Breakfast had options in Indian cusine but lacked continental options like flavoured yogurt and oats. But I would recommend this report any day. Thank you!
Average stay : Strange Road without any signboard or direction to the hotel. Rooms requires more cleanliness.
Anode amidst mountains : A perfect get away in the lap of nature away from the mundane metro life. Co-operative friendly staff and excellent ambience. Strongly recommended.
Peaceful stay : The property is situated inside a tea estate and naturally the stay is very peaceful. The rooms had very good view as well. Staff were polite and the resort had good amount of activities as well. The only drawback was the property was bit old and hence the room maintenance was average, but the resort makes it up with the price point it is placed at. Overall worth the money spent.
Excellent stay : Staff was very friendly. Food quality was excellent. Neat and clean room. Bonfire was very good.
Stay here for the view : Probably the most beautiful view that any hotel would have to offer. The hotel is a little secluded but the view makes it Worth it. There's not much to do though in the room as the internet is slow. It's clean and safe. Food is slightly better than average. So not go there during the summer as there's no ac in any of the rooms.
Munnar tea garden visit : Location was great for the resort. The room was spacious too. Although the furniture was very old and needs renovation. Breakfast was very good. Lunch and dinner was okay. Vegetarian and specially North Indian food was okay. I would rather suggest to stick to the dal and rice cuisine or non veg food if you eat it. WiFi was a big problem. Kept connecting and disconnecting. Also the network for Vodafone wasn't great either so internet usage did hamper over at the resort. Staff was very kind and polite. There was lot of peace and the stay was very relaxing. So if you are looking to relax this is the spot for you.
Stay at Tea Valley resort : We drove zoom car to resort, last 2 km was an adventurous, narrow road. Hospitality, location of the resort, staff behaviour 5/5. They auto-updated us to luxury suite, view from the resort is mesmerizing.
Mesmerising view and excellent staff service : Our recent stay at the Tea Valley resort was superb. The room was comfortable, the clean best part is the balcony and the view beyond. The main attractions are the bonfire (in the evening time), Treetop house. We planned for a surprise anniversary room decor for my sister & brother in law, which was coordinated by Lijo & team. It couldn't be better. They arranged everything beyond our expectations. Lijo, Bijay, Akhil & others were always helpful in attending our requests.
Nice Resort with beautiful view : Nice Resort with beautiful view. Very clean. Well mannered staff
Rejuvenating : I stayed in the executive cottage for 2 nights and it was truly awesome. Though it is little outside from the city but everything was quite perfect. Quite relaxing. View from balcony was worth of every penny spent for this booking.
Stay in the lap of Tea garden : Beautiful tea garden view from terrace. Food quality is average. staff behavior is good.
Ultimate place to stay in nature : If you want to feel nature in Munnar then you have to stay in Tea Valley Resort. The resort have own adventure activities.
Excellent hotel : Hotel is built on the hill with an excellent view.
Good : It is surrounded by tea estates. However the road is narrow. Staff is good they arranged jeep safari and camping for us. Overall loved the stay.
Good place. But far from city : It is very nice resort. View is amazing from balcony.
Adventurous spot : Sunset view point. A lot of adventure activities in the resort itself, indoor games, and bonfire area, mouth watering food.
Good location and food : Stated 2 nights from 1/26 to 1/28.
Worth staying : Tea Valley Resort have excellent natural ambience. Their staff and services are appreciable. We enjoyed our stay and I recommend this Resort to natural beauty lovers.
A heavenly Resort in nature's lap : I stayed here for 3 nights which I felt was less to do justice to this place. What a beautiful mesmerising place built surrounded by Tea estate all around. I could not take my eyes off from the HD colors of the flowers and plants all over the Resort. About food and restaurant, buffet breakfast is a blast and a food lover's treat. With all the options like aloo paratha, curd, idli, dosa, bread, butter, honey, jam, Tea/coffee, poori bhaji ch hole etc, one cannot decide what to eat and what to skip. There's something for everyone. Restaurant's menu items are also very tasty. We enjoyed a lot. Total area of this Resort is very big and it has an adventurous small trek that you can explore and reach to the top where there is a sunrise point. You can See ducks and other small creatures on this way. Security is up to the mark. Rooms are very large with all modern amenities and a big personal balcony with a Valley view. Completely relaxed and satisfied. There was a campfire organised on a big terrace with DJ music and we all rocked the floor with our moves. The setup was good. All these facilities are included in your stay. All the staff, be it reception, restaurant, housekeeping, security and others, were very polite and always happy to serve you. Thank you very much for making our stay a truly memorable one.
Excellent Stay : Its a nice place to be in. In the middle of the Tea garden and very close to the nature.
Nature : Resort itself is near to nature. No need to roam anywhere to be with nature
Excellent Stay : Fantastic stay there, staff is very nice and food quality is good
Pleasant stay : Beautiful atmosphere, calm place and an awesome room
Great stay : The location, service, food quality, interior and near by area is very good. Visit when you at Munnar holidays
Good location, very well maintained, clean : Location is superb. Food is ok, not great, staff was good
Good : Had a wonderful experience. Enjoyed a lot.
Awesome : Staff is very cooperative, room view is very tremendous, breakfast is very healthy
Tea Valley ambience and food feedback : Tea Valley is a nice place to stay with family or friends. Great ambience and scenic beauty. Food is excellent
Great view. Separate Balcony : Room service was average, for ordering tea, towels, or any requirements I called 2 to 3 times, in short late service, but staffs are very courteous, well-behaved, you need to be prompt for being excellent. Location - Please don't book here if you're planning for Kolukkumalai Jeep safari as roads are under construction it take 1/2 hour more in the morning to reach Suryanelli 30 km - 40 km. Even standard rooms are provided with balcony which has amazing view loved it. Breakfast variety decent, but whatever provided it was hot and tasty. Bathrooms average. Please carry your extra food and snacks because no shops nearby.
Service is good, the property is average : Rooms are of average quality. Staff is good
Life time experience : Hotel is within tea garden, very scenic, staff members are polite and courteous, a very well managed hotel.
Excellent location : Hotel is situated at very good location and rooms were clean. Food was good, could have been slight better. Rooms and wardrobe are old but will give vintage touch which is good if anyone like to stay different.
Excellent atmosphere : Surrounding was calm, hotel staff very friendly
Nice stay at Resort : Wonderful location with scenic picturesque views
Excellent Stay : Awesome location. Staff are very good. They arranged for a site seeing also.
Short 2 days stay at Tea Valley : The rooms are very spacious but need regular maintenance. Courteous staff but the Bengali and North Indian staff need more training on Kerala preps. The view from the hotel is awesome. Service at the restaurant is slow.
Excellent stay : Very nice location in the middle of green tea plantation. Property is well maintained and staff behavior was really good.
Great location : Great food, great service, overall great experience.
Peaceful : Peaceful relaxing stay! Good delicious! Service prompt! Staff courteous!
Awesome view of sunset from the hotel : The best part of the hotel is the delightful view from the large balcony of the room. We stayed on the second floor overlooking tea gardens in the valley. Experiencing sunset from our room balcony was awesome. Food was really good and tasty. Staff was friendly. We could not experience sports activities unique to the hotel due to unavailability of trainer on account of strike in Kerala.
Excellent Stay : It was a great stay. Ambience was awesome. Very picturesque location. Only the approach Road was difficult and tricky.
Stay review : Overall the stay was very good. I would like to appreciate the staff who were very kind and approachable at any point of time. We had complimentary breakfast and separately ordered the dinner (ala-carte) and the taste was very good. Rooms had good view and very neat and clean. Evenings we could had a walk outside the resort and was very peaceful. The road which lead to the resort was narrow, but still enjoyed the drive :). I would highly recommend Tea Valley Resort.
Nice stay : Hotel location in tea plantations is very good, though the access road is not so good. Bit understaffed but people are good and helpful.
Good stay with nice view : Nice view from balcony but it is far from city. Lunch, dinner options are not good. Breakfast is good. Lot of steps you need to climb to reach to room.
Nice stay for couples : Nice and quite stay with awesome views and good staff behaviour
Awesome experience : It's really a nice place to enjoy your vacation. Fantastic staff and the location of the hotel that makes your vacation enjoyable. Thanks a lot team Valley team.
Good location Worth pay : Only have to maintain Road properly.
Excellent staff and marvelous service : Mr. Bivin the general manager and Mr. Suresh both took the responsibility on their head to ensure we dont face any trouble. We had an emergency situation there and Mr. Bivin spontaneously took the decision to take us to the hospital. Such a humble human being. Would really recommend this place, though it's a bit in the interior Side but the calmness of nature Around is Worth being here. Chef Ramdas ensured our taste buds were satisfied with the variety of food being served in breakfast. Though we couldn't enjoy the new year because of the emergency but the staff and service overall rejuvenated the atmosphere Around. Would surely come back soon. Thank you Tea Valley team.
Good Stay : Pleasant stay close to nature, peaceful, calm environment
Perfect place to relax and rejuvenate : Stay was very comfortable, right in the middle of Tea garden. Food was average. Rooms are very spacious and facing the Valley. Staff is very courteous and go extra mile to make you comfortable. Approach Road to hotel is very bad and if you are without own transport then it's a challenge commuting from the Resort.
Stay at Tea Valley : It was a wonderful stay at Tea Valley Resort. Awesome good. Specially the break fast. Staffs were very good. Most importantly location is amazing. Sunset was wonderful to watch.
Excellent service : Staff was so cool and specially Akhil. He was helpful all the time. We had a good time in the Resort. Thanks for the hassle free service
Awesome natural stay. : Love the way Tea Valley is maintained, it's my one of the best stay till date. I have never seen so much greenery and so many different variety of plantation at one place. Highly recommended. Whenever I will be in Munnar I will stay in Munnar.
Awesome sightseeing from resort : The location of the resort is awesome, we can have all the sightseeing within the resort. The ambience is also good. Please also provide proper navigation to reach to resort as map location is not correct.
Munnar trip : We were expecting temperature around 9 in Munnar but surprisingly it was hot, no fog/mist. Hotel is good. You get nice view of mountain. 2 days not enough, you need at least 3/4 to have breathing time to relax.
Review as family. : Excellent sceneric view and flowers plantations at hotel. Super good. Staff was caring. Vegetarian food was difficult to approach and road is difficult without own car.
Tea Valley Resort at Munnar : The Resort is very nice. The location and cleanliness was good.
Amazing location : Very peaceful and beautiful resort. Must visit in Munnar. I will definitely revisit here again.
Poor maintenance : Great view from the balcony, but very dangerous Road, slow wi-fi connection, room service also not good. We stayed on new year night but dinner food was not much good. They have to improve food quality and infrastructure
Good hotel with beautiful tea garden : Hotel location is very beautiful, in the middle of tea gardens. View from the balcony is mesmerizes everyone eyes. Staff behavior was good. They lack in some bathroom cleanliness. It's was not smells good the day we checked in. We requested for breakfast packing for next day check out at 7 am. When we came next day for check out the guy at reception was don't know anything about our request. Evening guy at the previous evening confirm ed us twice for breakfast packing on the day of check out. But later after waiting for 15 mints they able to provide fruits and sandwiches. Overall it was good experience.
Unforgettable honeymoon : I stayed here in the month of December-2019, reaching here requires a personal vehicle or you can also reach my auto-rickshaw, etc. Easily available in Munnar Town, since a bit far from town this place offers a great peaceful environment. Pros 1. Awesome view 2. Awesome clean resort. 3 awesome surroundings for perfect walks. 4. Awesome breakfast and dinner with great varieties. 5. Real helpful staff. Cons 1. A little expensive for budget travellers but worth every penny.
Below average : We got a big room, but it was smelly, so I asked the room attendant to use room freshener.
Great views and rooms : Big sized rooms and a stunning view make this hotel a must visit in Munnar
Awesome : Was not sure how it will be until we reached the hotel. Surrounded by Tea gardens, the view from the balcony was a treat to the eyes. Food quality and service was excellent. The behaviour of hotel staff was also very warm and friendly. Overall a nice place to plan your stay.
Tea Valley Resort : Had a good time. Beautifully located property with stunning views. All staffs were very friendly and helpful. Clean room and washroom.
Terrible food : The food which they served were not upto the mark. Kids play area was not working properly.
Excellent Stay : Enjoyed my 2 days stay in the resort. Great place to stay with excellent view from the room of tea valley as well as of the hills. Support staff very cooperative. Only issue is with the approach road to reach the hotel. The driver of the cab needs to be an expert but once you are in the campus, relax and fully enjoy the scenic beauty of Munnar from the resort. Value for money.
Awesome location : Nice location of hotel. Just improve infrastructure
Worth a visit : If ever in Munnar, visit the hotel. Beautiful location and with many activities (we were there for just 2 days). No need to travel out and you can spend entire day at the hotel. Will visit for a longer stay in future.
Tea Valley : Beautiful location but isolated and approach Road is dangerous. Not recommended for elderly as no lift. Food quality average. Staff was helpful
Worst hotel I ever seen : Don't book this hotel we booked for two days but we can't able to sleep single night in this hotel. Room cleanliness is so poor even public wash room is good compare to this hotel.
Property is good however service is terrible. Wifi not working. Mobile phone connectivity not there in room. Intercom not working. Hot water not coming. Quality of food is even not tasty : Property is good however service is terrible. Wifi not working. Mobile phone connectivity not there in room. Intercom not working. Hot water not coming. Quality of food is even not tasty.
At tea plantation : Nice place to stay and food also good. Route to the hotel is bad. You can enjoy stay and tracking.
Excellent : Great stay and good facilities
Best hotel and location : Best hotel and location View is excellent
Good place but not if you are looking to relax : If you are trying to find a place that lets you unwind after your daily city grind then this is not the place for you. The hotel location and facilities promise you of a great time but sadly do not deliver. On Christmas eve there was so much noise coming in from the dining area, music was being played so loud that my room with all the doors and windows shut, still managed to feel like an underground disco. I complained 4-5 times to the hotel to lower the volume of the music but it all fell on deaf ears. I will definitely not visit this hotel again.
Excellent location : Very comfortable stay, very good staff behavior, great rooms and location, highly recommend.
Great location : Great view, old colonial feel cottages. A hit interior, but worth the drive. Food is ok.
Good place to visit : Clean and good best resort in Munnar.
Resort in midst of valley : Amazing hospitality and thanks to Mr Suresh for site seeing tips and assisting us in all possible ways. Resort has clean rooms, bathrooms, hot water, attached balcony with view to tea plantations.
Beautiful Munnar : Excellent hotel with best location and scenic beauty. Must stay once. If visiting in your car, then 1.5 km of approach road is very narrow.
Best place to stay : I booked luxury cottage and its good. Road is narrow so book with dinner plan at night or a la carte.
Value for money : Excellent location among lush green tea gardens, breathtaking view from the rooms, nice rooms, courteous staff. Overall, value for money!
Nice Resort : Tea Valley resort is on noce location and staff also excellent.
A life time experience : Hotel was situated in tea garden of Munnar. You can panoramic view of Munnar Valley. North Indian food is also available. Staff is very cooperative and humble. You must visit this place.
Awesome : Overall good experience with the resort. Well maintained infrastructure, neat and clean. Good ambiance, well supported staffs etc.
Jaideep Shah : Boarding at the hotel was ok due to its very view of Munnar from hotel rooms but quality of food needs to be improved at lot as food was not upto the mark as expected.
Excellent Stay : Very good stay. Hotel staff was very helpful. Nice food.
Clam and relaxing location with nature's touch : Had a good stay with this hotel for 2 nights, it's a really memorable experience at Munnar. Very nice location in tea estate itself.
Good location : Recommended for honeymoon couples
Hotel location is very good : Hotel location is very good. View from hotel is nice.
Awesome stay! : "Ambiance and multi-cuisine food were excellent. The staffs were very courteous and helpful. Suitable for all types of tourists ( couples, families l, bikers and solo travelers). Stay in the midst of tea valley was absolutely memorable and refreshing."
Beautiful resort : Resort was very beautiful. We enjoyed it. Good people.
Relaxing stay in the midst of nature : The property is in the midst of nature which made our stay very relaxing and enjoyable. The tree house, nature trail and adventure trek is a good experience. The rooms are very spacious with an awesome balcony overlooking the lush green tea plantations.
Awesome place : Tea Valley is a wonderful and lovely location, slightly away from the main town, the way to reach is slightly narrow but you can easily reach via taxi/car. But to get a nature view, location is obvious. It was a pleasant stay. Had camp fire as well in night. Food was good. Hospitality was very nice. Overall nice stay.
Nice view with surrounding : Surrounding is very good and you have access to complete property. It's good place to spend couple of days.
Stay in mountains : Stayed at Tea valley resort for 2 nights with family. It's a beautiful place with an amazing view of tea fields from the balcony, morning with creeping of birds. Breakfast was also good but should have more food options. All over it was a good to stay.
Excellent Stay : Staying at Tea Valley Resort was a great experience. Those searching for a room with a good scenic view then this is it.
Excellent place to chill out : Excellent place to stay and nice food
Good stay : Great view from the hotel! Great location
Site location : Hotel site location is very good fantastic. Hotel is surrounded by tea plantation, site view is so beautiful.
Overall decent stay : The upside of this Resort is that it has absolutely stunning views, decent food and courteous staff. The downside is that the Road to the Resort is not well maintained and room cleaning is not timely. Hot water is not consistent.
Two days stay with amazing experience : Stay was good and they had made amazing things such has trekking activities, indoor playing games, tree hut within hotel.
Munnar stay : Pleasant stay. Beautiful view
Food is not good : Location is awesome but food quality they must improve.
Great family vacay : Had a wonderful experience at the hotel. Hotel staff especially Mr. Suresh were very courteous and facilitator. Great experience at resort. Would advise people to visit here.
Location is fine but hotel room are old. Won't recommend : Good location but quality of rooms, furnitures are bad.
Totally waste of money : I never expect such a poor response from make my trip and Tea Valley Resort customer service
Pleasant stay : Excellent ambience, good and fast service, prompt behaviour.
Excellent Stay : Visited the property yesterday with my family just for one night. The hospitality made me feel as comfortable as home. Very friendly staff especially Mr. Suresh (front office staff) and Mr. Lijo (Fandb manager) both of them was very helpful and always had a smile in their face. We had a wonderful spread of breakfast especially the chutney was awesome. Thanks to all of you for making our short stay such a memorable one.
Road : Terrible staffs not giving proper direction to the hotel.
Good experience : I love the location. I always prefer travelers to stay at Tea Valley Resort.
Beautiful hotel : Tea Valley Resort is very beautiful hotel with peaceful and mind-blowing location, staff behavior is also very good, value for money. Must stay.
Excellent Stay : Excellent hotel. Not too expensive as compared to other Munnar city hotels. Hotel ambience is too friendly. Best in service. Perfect place for photo shoot also. Tea valley view is beautiful. Class hotel in small budget. Wonderful experience.
Tea Valley Resort : The Resort is very good, situated in a very nice location. The rooms are very good. Food is also very good. Worth to visit again and again
Memorable and peaceful stay : A very beautiful, well maintained and attractive place to stay polite, courteous and helpful staff, located amongst beautiful tea gardens, food, rooms and service provided was on point.
Best location and courteous staff : One of best hotels in Munnar, set in between the Tea plantations and the manager offer me an upgrade in my room booked to the top most room with the best view. Prompt room service and great breakfast and nicely maintained property. Will definitely recommend to couples and family.
Feedback : Everything about the Resort was good except the Tea. And also the food was costly
Tea Valley : The hotel is surrounded by tea plantation, the view is nice from the hotel. The rooms are cozy and comfortable.
Excellent view : The view is awesome and the Resort is spread across a couple of acres which is the best part of it. Lot of activities for those who wants to stay back in the Resort